music neg oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers
music pos his singing style is very unique as are his lyrics . he has an eclectic mix of love songs , " we are the world " type songs and a few others on this album . he has the staying power for long the long term and i would love to see him mature throughout the years and watch to see where he goes . i loved streetcorner symphony ! it is so upbeat it can pull me out of whatever is ailing me . lonely no more is my theme song for right now in my life - needless to say i am replaying grooves in that one ! enjoy this album - i sure do
music pos i can only say that this was my favorite record of last year . this record is hard to find in your local record store , so search it out.. . incredible - ca n't wait to hear more !
camera pos i purchased this camera 2 weeks ago . i love using it . it has lots of function to play with . it is easy to use . i didnt have trouble taking good pictures in zoom mode outdoor . indoor , i had to use tripod if i use zoom . however , i cant really think of any occasion that i have to use zoom indoor other than my testing last week . besides , it gives great pictures and i loved the price . i kind of considered dslr camera but i gave it up becasue lenses were more expensive than camera itself . i considered one wide angle lense and one zoom lense . it would have cost me almost 2000 dollars so far , i love this camera . if this helps to anyone considering buying this camera , id give two thumbs up .
camera neg not seeing many reviews , i 'm writing this as a warning . this mic is horrible . i bought it to get rid of the " motor noise " from my canon optura pi , as many others have . when i listen now , the sound is much worse . you can barely hear people speak over the loud humming.. . this mic is horrible
music pos these tunes may not immediately remind you of steve miller but his talent is not belied . it 's some really peaceful music . great to turn on just at bedtime and drift off to la la land
music neg i agree fully with " a music fan " above ... this and david 's self titled album are really poor in comparison to the rest of his solo work . i love most of talking heads music but do n't rate remain in light highly like most fans do
music neg being a huge blondie fan , i want to rate this one higher , but sadly i cannot . it 's just a sad mishmash of bad songs , it feel very negligant too . i love the way blondie contributed to rap and disco , but their calypso number on this one is so awful . they had lost it here . check out thier truly great albums instead like paralel lines or eat to the beat. .
camera neg this product is worthless . you 'd be better off keeping your money and buying a good case at a store . overpriced , cheap , plastic-y rip-off . no " deluxe " here
music pos the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music
camera pos i 'm very happy with my camera . i recomend it for anyone . various funtions , the sofware included is good as well
music pos del spits brilliant lyrics and produces excellently.. . the beats of songs merge together as tracks change.. . el-p makes a cameo.. . casual makes a cameo.. . prince paul produces a track.. . get this album
camera pos i am extremely happy with this purchase ! i love the 10x zoom when taking pics of my kids
camera pos this took my d-200 to the final level...great investment...went 2to 3 days while on vacation while shooting 4 gigs a day of stuff...love this little guy...plus it allows for aa usage in a pinch..gotta love that. .
camera pos i am new to slrs and i cant belive how good this camera is . this camera is worth every penny for the amazing quality it produces . i always thot my old digital pics with point and shoot were excellent , but looking back , they look terrible compared to this .
music pos modern dub stylings from an assortment of recording artists , ranging from the bizarre and brilliant ( check the lost scrolls of hamarik 's darkly deranged how to find royal jelly ) , to the utterly unforgiveable ( namely , luciano 's appaling attempt at police & thieves ) . luckily for us , most of the tunes here fall into or around the former category , with great contributions from st. germain ( bouncing dub-disco on a dub experience ) , grant phabao ( updated roots righteousness on andub head yudu ) and boozoo bajou ( with the wonderfully cheesey divers ) . and let 's not overlook cottonbelly 's 90 's classic tempest dub , which resurrects an old scientist tune to spine-tingling effect . only the fairly plain seven dub and the aforementioned luciano really fail to ignite...all in all then , a worthwhile collection which works very nicely as a whole - providing you program the cd player to skip the occassional duffer
camera neg i love everything about this camera but....the display is very touchy . i only owned the camera for 2 months and my display broke . i had it in a case and must have bumped it just right . my display shattered . mind you there is not a view finder so you can only guess what you are taking pictures of . this is not covered under your warranty . my camer has been in the repair shop for 3 weeks now and since the camera is so new there is no parts available yet . so i am sitting here with no camera , which is really bothersome since i love taking pictures . i figured i would spend more for a nice quality camera and have no worries but who knew this would happen ! so i highly recommend this camera but you must be very very careful with it !
music neg this disc is bad ! ! ! right at the 2 " mark the sound of the " rock water " is join by what sounds like a slow draining bathtub . this sound is more or less present throughout the entire hour . other discs of this type that i 've heard do n't do this
music neg chicane should just stop releasing material under that guise ever again . fftmc and bts were lush and beautiful productions . nicks latest attempts have been pathetic...from a musical standpoint and from a professional production standpoint...even his older ' pop ' remixes for other artists were better than this rubbish he 's doing these days...no , we 're not saying recycle the older productions , but instead it 's a matter of putting the effort and ' originality ' in the profuctions...a signature if you will...and hey , it does n't have to pigeon hole you if done with class...yes , how the mighty have fallen.. . oh brother. .
camera neg i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily
music neg blues singers should n't try to go mainstream . if they do try and succeed , fine . that means they 've stayed true to their roots . when they try and fail ( as susan has done with hope and desire ) , one would hope they 'd try to get back to where they started . for me that was just wo n't burn . i guess when one is happily married with children , it 's hard to sing the blues since you 're not feeling them . . . you 're faking them
music pos what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician
camera neg i purchased this frame as a gift for a friend of mine . when i saw it on her desk and noticed the terrible quality of the images , i was embarassed that i had given such an inferior item as a gift . perhaps the images she had loaded were quite low resolution , but the pictures looked terrible with huge pixels . i would not recommend this item at all
music neg perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched
music pos this era of tangerine dream ( td ) was just great . the virgin years were truly a great period for td . for me it deals with space and landscape . it 's so close to repetitive music that would come much later . it 's also the one group that used rythm to structure these flying melodies . you could fly with them and end up with more in the end . you ca n't say that for too many of these electronic groups . after that period they would go on with this ambient music that was n't up to the same standards . it seems they are back ( with other musicians of course ) with the same kind of concept . great ! they were an important link on the electronic scene . a great album ! a great period
camera pos i honestly do n't see why people would give this camera less than 4 stars . the moment i got it , i was delighted with the quality of the pictures ( except in very dark places - which is why the review gets minus 1 star ) , and by its portability . i 've dropped it , abused it , took it to countless parties , countries and it is now full of scratches and bumps ( get the camera case ! ) , and guess what : it still works as perfectly as the first day i got it . this little piece of technology is amazing , so if you 're looking for something affordable and with a great picture quality ( for us amateurs , of course ) just go for it . actually , i even took quite a few gorgeous pictures with it . i even love it and rely on it so much that i wo n't change it even now that it looks all messed up . do n't think twice . just go for it
music neg i hate saying this as a huge good charlotte fan but their new album is just a major waste of money . their first album is one of my top five albums of all time , but this one sucks . the songs are all dance pop synthesized junk . no real guitars , no messages to any of the songs , no nothing . i dont know if joel is just too busy running around town with nicole richie or what but they skipped out on this album . the only redeaming song is the river , on which they colaberated with m shadows and synester gates of avenged sevenfold . i hate hate hate to say it but dont waste your money or time on this one , just listen to the first album and remember what a great band they used to be .
camera neg someone earlier had complained that this lense was suggested to them by amazon and it was the wrong size . well , that person is n't alone . the camera i purchased is a canon s2is , which i love . the lense does n't fit it . i even bought the hood / lense adapter set and it still does n't fit . this simply is not the right lense for a canon s2is , no matter what amazon suggests . now , too much time has passed for me to return the lense . i 'm stuck with it , and i do n't like that
music pos the title says it all , im so happy i bought it and i listen to it all the time :
camera neg i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat
music neg great recording , but if you want to actually use it , like load it on your ipod it has sony 's stupid drm . meaning you can't . do n't buy sony products ! !
camera pos now , this is n't the fastest card on the market . but it is a solid , reliable card . the camera itself is the bottle kneck , and typically not this card . however , if you are using a canon dslr of a recent flavor , i would check if it needs to be rma'd . a known quantity of these cards have proven to lose images . scary . however , i 've not experienced the mysterious loss of images with my card or rebel xt . i 've only ever pushed the cards speed limits with my pd70x , and definately not with my rebel xt
music neg i was expecting it to have a lot of international type music to it but it virtually sounded the same as the original . i think i may have mistaken this cd title for another of shania's . her music is great but i do n't see a difference with the international version
music pos i 've been listening to satoshi tomiie for a long time and this is definetly one of his best cd 's yet . its one of those cd 's that is a must have before a road trip . just play it and let it ride . from beginning to end it keeps your ears on high alert just waiting for that next track to hit . before you know it your at the end , but who says you cant just hit repeat and start the ride all over again .
music pos i purchased this cd with the intent of finding fine players playing fine music . what i found , however , was and outstanding example of chamber music as its finest . the ensemble these 3 players generate is some of the finest ensemble music playing recorded . each player displays exceptional technique , both in the mechanical and lyrical aspects of their playing . most impressive is listening to istomen who , playing a very technically and lyrically demanding part , voices his playing with such finess and carefull attention to detail to the strings ; a feat very difficult to do as a pianist . this is an excellent recording for the professional to study a score from or for the avid listener to play over and over
camera neg i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run
camera neg use less than 3 times , the touch screen does n't work.do n't know why~
camera neg do n't be fooled by the enticing 6 megpixels that this camera offers . i 'd been waiting along time to upgrade from my 3 mp nikon coolpix sq as the prices of the higer resolution cameras continued to drop . what 've i 've discovered , however , is that there is so much sensor noise in the full resolution 6 mp images from this hp camera that the additional resolution is worthless . the images look absolutely horrible . my little nikon sq with it 's lower resolution produces much sharper pictures at every image size . do your homework and make sure that the sensor in the camera you 're buying is a good one
camera pos wow..okay so i was thinking this was a screen about the size of a smaller camera because i didnt read the dimensions before i bought it here on amazon so i was a little disappointed in the size . this is about half the size of an ipod mini . it is by no means big . read the dimesions well before you purchase . the photos are really good quality and clear ..just small lol .
camera pos this tripod was a total shock ! i was amazed at the quality , stability and portability . the heavy duty denier carrying case is a great bonus . the level and quick release were also a welcome surprise . this was the best $9.00 i ever spent for photography accessories .
camera pos outstanding service . product as advertised . excellent packing job . arrived in record time . would buy again from this seller
camera neg camera worked great for us for 6 months . easy to use , decent pictures and good software . the battery life was fine for our use . it quit working at six months and would no longer focus and is now useless . for a six month disposable camera its a little expensive .
camera neg almost useless ! tried it for several days of photo shoots and finally gave up in frustration . went back to using the viewfinder without this magnifier . professional medical photographer
music neg " maiden voyage " appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams ' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis ' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock 's earlier and more accessible albums " takin ' off " and " my point of view , " this album may be a bit of a letdown
music pos this is an amazing cd - i cannot believe that more people have not discovered charlie sexton . the songs are personal and beautifully written . the music rocks , and yet it 's different than any of sexton 's other music . he is a brilliant artist and this is a brilliant wor
music pos now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one !
camera neg this product did n't appear to add any appreciable sound benefit ; the sound from the ecm-hgz1 appears to be the same as that recorded with the native audio of the camera itself . i wish i had not bought it
music pos although this sports new remastering , unless you have either the golden hits cd available here at amazon and your local cd shop , the now out of print golden celebration boxed set or the 2 volume " patti page collection " series ( volume 2 is also out of print ) , this is unnecessary as it duplicates every track on golden hits except for let me go lover instead of with my eyes wide open i 'm dreaming and the songs are arranged in a different order . fans are better off looking for the 2 previous out of print collections with let me go lover to obtain this track and for the rest of this stuff , either buy golden hits , the boxed set and the 2 volume patti page collection series , and btw , vol . 1 is still in print so you can order it right here at amazon
camera neg like most people i got this camera because it is quite compact for the quality of the image . i 've been pleased with the image quality when it works , but from the start it 's felt flimsy and felt like it would die with any rough treatment . sure enough : * the shutter cover has often stuck open or shut . * sometimes it refuses to start at all . * it sometimes powers on as you 're putting it into your pocket , which opens the barrel which has got to damage the camera . * finally , the lcd stopped working altogether . this is after 8 months . casio has decided i 'm not under warranty ( no explanation as to why , no phone number to argue with them ) , and is charging me $97 to repair it . do n't be seduced ! it 's a poor quality product
camera neg i received this as a christmas present . this digital camera works fine for still shots , pictures of my family , etc , but for action shots , kids playing outside , basketball games , etc. it is a big disappointment . i took 47 pictures of my son playing basketball in our school gym and only 5 of them were worth keeping . i 've taken to several games / activities to try it out . i 've tried using the different functions , adjusting the manual setting , and playing with the zoom but nothing has worked . many of the shots are blurred , have shadows ( because of movement ) , or are so dark the people ca n't be seen . i wish i would have known this before i asked for this camera .
music pos to start off i am a huge grateful dead fan and i have prabably about 150 cd 's that cover many years of there carrer . this release is very good and worth buying . it has some great music on it and the price of the album is worth the eyes of the world with branford marsalis on the sax alone . all and all this was among my first bunch of grateful dead cd 's that i got and it got me hooked so do yourself a favor if you are thinking about listening to the grateful dead and you want to hear something from the 1990 era buy this cd . but i would also get something from the 77 era too
music pos this is a great cd ! each track fades up to full volume at the start and fades down to silence at the end . this makes it nice to just play the entire cd or to loop one track since there are no sharp changes from one noise to another . so far the car and washing machine tracks seem to be our baby 's favorites . when she outgrows the need for this white noise cd , we 'll transition her to lullaby or classical music . for now though , this cd helps us keep her on a schedule and well rested by helping keep her relaxed and usually asleep during her nap times . as a bonus , the waves and rain on the roof tracks are soothing for grown-ups needing to drown out noise while they sleep
camera pos received camera exactly as described . easy and smooth transaction would by from this vendor again . thank
music neg as far as drum and bass cds go this cd was terrible very boring and anything with clever on the cover im going to stay far away from nuff said
music neg though these are the songs that make the mills brothers famous , they are not the original recordings that made these songs famous , and not necessarily sung by the same men that sang the originals ( certainly they are considerably older ) . these are ok , but they lack the punch and familiarity ( to a fan like myself ) of the originals . the title , though not actually misleading , leads one to believe you will be listening to the original songs- -they are not . i recommend only if you must have the complete set of mills brothers records
music pos it 's impossible to like all of country music , but randy travis is liked by even those who do n't like country music . from 1986 and through the 90 's he was always on top or near the top of the country charts . his calm , nasal drawl reminds me a bit of lefty frizell , but there 's no mistaking his unique style . these are some of the best recordings in the history of country music including digging up bones , forever and ever , amen , too gone too long , is it still over ? , hard rock bottom of your heart etc. randy had 16 no . 1 's on the country charts . there are 20 cuts here . if you only want one cd with all his greatest hits this is your logical choice . by the way , the sound from rhino is bright and punchy and the booklet features dates , neat pixs , and peak positions . you 've got a winner for life with this one !
camera neg " lens error , restart camera " message appears today ( mar 26 ) after buying production on amazon on feb 20 , 07. when i searched google for this error message saw thousands of canon users having similar error / e18 error with older and newer version of the canon . i have tried panasonic and sonys before and never had an issue . i dread that canon customer service is going to waste my hours in getting a replacement and ultimately may end up charging me over a 100 for repairs like they have done to other users ( after reading user feedback on web )
camera neg this camera is a waste of money and should be taken off the market . after purchase we were never able to retreive pictures . the computer would recognize the camera but stated that no pictures were available to download . it not only is difficult to use but not even an adult could figure out how to take a picture and this product is made for a child . the instructions are complicated and eventually you give up . even putting in the batteries is complicated and you need a screwdriver ( the smallest one you can find ) to achieve it . unfortunately , i have wasted my money but luckily you do n't have to
music pos the clean kick-started the illustrious new zealand label flying nun in 1981 , providing a key blueprint for indie-rockers from australia ( the chills ) to california ( pavement ) . over this two-disc , 46-track set of rarities and essentials , the trio takes the chugga-chugga racket of the velvet underground and stretches it into an entire garage aesthetic of excited , rudimentary playing , shaky , kiwi-accented vocals and endearing melodies . disc one , as influential for the lo-fi sonics as for the songs , ends with the clean 's 1983 breakup . disc two spans their 1988 reunion and 1996 's unknown country , mining similar material with even more exciting ( and even better-sounding ) results . but by then , lots of bands were doing what the mighty clean had helped pioneer .
camera pos due to a canoe accident on vacation , mine went completely underwater for at least 5-10 seconds . but - only a trickle of water got inside . once that dried out , much to my surprise , both the af and vr functions worked fine . all that 's left is two small water spots on the inside of the objective lens ( okavango delta water is clean ! ) . do n't try this at home . next time i 'm even near a canoe , i 'll have everything in dry bags .
music pos but not the only one you should get . make this a purchase , but get live / dead also because it has all different songs , and then look at other live releases . the dead have a lot of good recordings , just pick and choose among them . this one has become a staple of great dead songs in my collection . it is amazing how many good songs they have , and how intimidating it seems to get their best stuff , but you ca n't go wrong with this release even though some people feel it is n't up to scratch
camera neg this kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper . unfortunately , kodak does n't contain an ink cartridge for them . fine , i thought , i 'll buy a separate cartridge . guess what ? you ca n't ! kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper . why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges ? seems pretty dirty
music neg i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them .
music pos i have been a fan for jaci velasquez for the past eight years and enjoy hearing her voice in both languages . i do not speak spanish but enjoy her artistic abilities none the less . this album lived up to the velasquez name in my book - my family and i only really enjoy the traditional sounding christmas carols and tend to not enjoy the revised versions . jaci 's album not only made sure the carols were sung traditionally but she has given us a gift a couple new songs that will be added to my christmas traditions ! overall i love this album and the only reason i did not give it a full five stars was that i am done with that chipmunk song . sorry everybody .
camera pos this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping
music neg this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell
camera pos very good camera . this was a present for my wife as she needed a new camera . she picked it out and liked that it came as a complete kit . directions can be hard to follow at times and could be printed larger . takes some getting used to . zoom lense works great and takes good pictures . where the on-off button is so close to the shutter , you have to be careful that you do n't accidentally shut the camera off . she is very satisfied with it .
music neg i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music
camera pos the camera is a superb , light-weight wonder . the controls are logical and the large display area is amazing . i love it .
camera neg do n't let the product description fool you into thinking it will work with a zr85mc camcorder . it did n't work with mine . it did n't even fit
music neg i like meav 's voice , and this cd is ok , if you like this kind of stuff . think slow and somewhat depressing . i think irish music has moved on so much since bill whehlan of riverdance brought it into the modern times , and came up with this vocal sound , i guess to hark back to earlier times , which worked well because riverdance has so much contrast in it and the choir songs only appear as relief to the other music . this is all a bit samey and dull . i would say saved by this lady 's fine voice though
camera pos the seller was super fast , the product well packaged and as described . thank you
music neg whilst leo kottke plays guitar like a man with three hands and john fahey like a man with at least 11 or 12 fingers , robbie basho plays like a man with about eight thumbs . that this kind of tuneless twanging should be mentioned in the same breath as anything by kottke or fahey ( or peter lang ) is puzzling to say the least . but , credit where credit 's due : it 's not easy to make an acoustic guitar sound this unpleasant
camera neg i bought this over the sony and i regret it . i get a tape eject error every time i try to rewind . i can only rewind at 10 second intervals before i get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . that 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . many canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . i will never buy canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem
camera pos awesome , compact camera that takes remarkably sharp pics - very easy to use touchscreen and ( my favorite ) reliable stabilization feature
camera neg i purchased a canon camera carrying case that came with an extra battery and uv filtering lense . the case came within a few days and is perfect for what i needed . smooth fast transaction . five star
camera neg i have two 8 " picture frames that are other brands , and they are great and i use them for open houses all the time ! i got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible ! ! the instructions are difficult to understand . the wide screen makes everyone in the picture look fat and distorted ! this is a weird size and i am not happy at all ! ! i do n't recommend it
camera neg i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot
camera neg a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp
camera neg you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality
music neg i am wondering when this plague will be over... . and when we 'll be set free to listen to real music.. . we all are so tired of her
music pos tom delonge is at it again with a new band and a new album . even with being accompanied by the lead guitarist from boxcar racer , angels and airwaves managed to have a completely different sound . they dropped the more punk rock tone of boxcar racer in favor of an emo-alternative style of rock . the first released single " the adventure " is quite enjoyable and even though i have n't checked too deeply into it , i think it 's the theme song for nbc 's studio 60. besides , how can you go wrong with an album that 's gone double platinum in the uk and gold in canada
camera neg i bought this camera for my 4yr old granddaughter who can handle my digital camera quite well and found it to be a total waste . the camera was much smaller than expected , trying to figure out what mode you 're in is ridiculous and the display is quite difficult to see let alone interpret . nothing is a simple " one step " procedure which you would expect for an item geared towards children . i was so frustrated setting it up that i did n't bother giving it to her . the software installed okay but was also far from " kid friendly " . i wish i would 've found and read these user opinions before making the purchase . ironically , the reviews i did see made it out to be better than the other cameras on the market for kids . i believe you 'd be better off purchasing a " regular " inexpensive digital camera for your potential " shutterbugs " .
camera neg i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma
music pos having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos
camera neg it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue .
music pos all i can say is you must try this !
camera neg i was really disappointed in this product . it worked great when i first got it . but before the first charge on the batteries wore out it stopped working . it was more expensive to return it or have it repaired than it was to buy a new camera . like i said , disappointed
camera pos this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that
camera pos the philips digital frame truly stands out from all other digital pictures frames that i 've gotten . the resolution and picture quality superb , and the sleek outer design is an additional plus . also , the picture frame can be charged and last a couple of hours without a cord , which is very convenient . as another reviewer said , you have to scroll through your entire collection one-by-one on your memory card in order for you to get to the picture you want . it would be more convenient if you could skip through pages or have a blackberry type rolling scroll on the side of the frame to speed through if you needed to . also , i would like to see philips next frame include a flashdrive slot as well , that way we can upload pictures from our computers to the usb flash drive and directly insert the flash drive into the frame without tranferring them onto a memory card . thank you
camera pos i bought this sweet little thing because i am planning a day in nyc and do n't want to bring along my regular camera , which is bulky . this camera is nice and small and would fit in any purse or coat pocket . it has 5 mp and a 3x optical zoom which is great for the price . the pictures i took outside turned out outstanding . inside pics were a bit pixelated , but i may have had the settings wrong . the camera is easy to use right out of the box . perfect for a second camera to keep on you just in case
camera neg when mated to a sony wide-angle lens , the on-camera flash becomes partially blocked causing a dark area in the photo . a major flaw in my opinion . sony makes no mention of this on the packaging
camera neg very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country
music neg with 2 cds of endless repeated chords , they do n't have much to say
music pos i have just about all of robben 's albums and i believe that this is his best work . the interpretations and musicianship are outstanding . robben 's improvisational playing actually comes across more like composition . his technique is extremely melodic . he is , in my opinion , one the best blues guitar players around and his profound knowledge of jazz gives his music a very refreshing " twist " . check out his prowess on " you cut me to the bone " , " prison of love " or " my love will never die "
camera neg this item does not charge your camera . it does provide power to your camera while plugged in , but it does not recharge your camera 's battery
camera neg if you lose this cord just get a flash card reader . it 's cheaper and more practical
music neg this is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. seriously , this is awful . very juvenile and materialistic . this guy and his rented chains need to disapear . what a waste
camera pos i am very satisfied with this purchase . it is exactly what i wanted . i purchased 5 more as business gifts for important clients
camera pos for $14.00 , you should get this sleek little package to protect your camera and battery / accessories . if you 've ever accidentally dropped an expensive camera , you know just what i 'm talking about . it 's nice looking as well
music neg if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me
camera neg this is a poor excuse for a lens coming from canon . can only be used at a certain zoom or you will get a circular ring around the photo . please do not waste your money like i did
music pos as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great
music neg is this the same kool keith that created dr. octagon , dr. dooom , and black elvis ? " spankmaster " represents a regression of creative energy . it sounds like keith decided he wanted to make a record one morning and whimsically threw together some tracks . it contains little of the genius of his earlier cds . with the exception of a couple songs ( " jewelry shine " and " blackula " ) , this album stinks
camera pos despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration .
music pos this cd is great . it is a must have . picture yourself in the wild or on a lake in a boat and a thunderstorm comes rolling in slowly . you hear the rain , the thunder in the distance , you sense the storm getting closer . the storm is over head , loud piercing thunder claps and you duck for cover . the thunderstorm slowly moves out but the rain is a constant presents . the thunder rolls on but the wild life moves in , bullfrogs , owls in the distance , all the animals are alive now . this cd is all in one , the real deal . it is not all thunder . i love it . i also bought thunderstorm [rykodisc] ; this was a waste of money . to me , in my opinion it sounds like the storm just knocked the cable out , static and more static .
camera pos i bough this waterproof case for a trip to st. thomas over christmas . the photographs that we took came out perfect . the flash diffuser worked well , by eliminating the air bubbles that normally are captured with underwater cameras . make sure that you set up your camera to the underwater mode so that it automaticlaly adjusts your color balance . the only problem that i had was since it is so compact , i often accidently would move the switch to movie mode . this ruined a few photographs , but also made a great movie of a sea turtle coming up for air . i know that it was expensive , but much cheaper than buying a new camera or buying multiple disposable underwater cameras and having x-ray machines fog up the pictures
camera neg i 've owned this camera a little over a year . it was my 2nd digital camera . it always had focus issues in low-light . i thought it was me , but after working extensively with the manual , after i finally had some time , i discovered that it was the camera . you really need a tripod for those low-light shots . i was n't able to return it , so i 've taken hundreds of pictures with it . it takes beautiful pictures with good light and has a really nice size screen . however , the lens will no longer contract and i get an error message that is unresolvable unless i pay at least $170. i 'm just going to get a better quality camera . i will not buy sony again
camera pos thes item is gretes item i used befoer for these prise ! ! yes is true is very clear optics , you can see in total darknes about 350 m it 's agood rand , price and qulity .
music pos this is a really great follow up to allison moorer 's debut album alabama song . the hardest part , her sophomore cd , was released two years after her debut in september 2000. it builds on the sound presented on her first , and the songs are nothing short of great . my favorite track , though not her own , is her emotional reading of the rolling stones ' " bring me all your lovin " . she makes this song into her own . " no next time " is another favorite , the lyrics are excellent , a great breakup song . the title track is a nice midtempo country number . " send down an angel " is very sad but touching at the same time . other highlights include " it 's time that i tried " , " day you said goodbye " , " is it worth it " and " feeling that feeling again " . overall , to me this is her best album . you ca n't go wrong with any of them but this is an artistic acheivement , and one of her best albums yet
music pos jock rock is a must for anyone in the fitness business . nothing gets a crowd hopping like a little james brown ! not much for listening to , but a good collection when your looking for just the right song to play for a certain event
music pos juice newton is one of the best counry-pop singers of all times . a great energetic voice and some real unforgettable songs . my personal favourites include the beautiful angel of the morning , the rollicking queen of hearts and the strong and sorrowful it 's a heartache after all these years , her work is unforgettable , catchy and full of energy and vibe
music pos better balance of songs on this cd. this cd shows growth in a the band.they are great fun live check them out if you get the chance ! ! ! ! ! ! !
music pos please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard
camera pos i purchased this bag to carry my hp photosmart digital camera and photo printer along with , 100pk 4 " x 6 " photo paper , power cord and two chargers that each hold 4 aa batteries , and i still have room left . i 'm very pleased
music neg these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat.. . whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere .
music neg what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush
music pos i supposed i should not have been watching this movie when i was nine years old , but i remember seeing it several times via hbo . more importantly , my father bought the soundtrack and we used to listen to it over & over in the car . the songs stuck with me for years , and every know and then i 'll hear something out of context and i 'll be taken back to roadtrips with my family . it 's something that i wo n't think about for ages , but when i 'm reminded of it , i ca n't believe i do n't still have a copy of the soundtrack . i remember it had quiet and comforting songs mixed in with songs you could sing along too . it 's perfect for driving and just having on in the background
camera neg image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day
camera pos sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold
music neg it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing
music neg okay , i will admit to liking poor tom , bonzo 's whatever ( it sure beats moby dick ! ) and wearing and tearing , but other than that this is a collection of outtakes that should 've stayed outtakes . low points include we 're gonna groove , the live i ca n't quit you baby , walter 's walk and ozone baby . it 's a shame that traveling riverside blues and hey hey , what can i do were left off this album , and included only in the boxed set reissue - it 's the only place you can find hey hey , what can i do , one of my favorite zeppelin songs , and with riverside blues , you have a choice : shell out $100 to get it , or sit through the crappy bbc sessions album . if you 're obsessed with the band , i guess this would be good for you . but the best version of coda is in the aforementioned $100 boxed set .
music neg i wanted to give this cd as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie . i listened to it first to make sure the quality was good . i was so surprised when all i heard was music and no words . although the music is nice , i know she would not be too impressed . we had seen the movie together and we loved mr. ray 's song and wanted to know the words . it 's too bad that i 'll have to return or sell it
music pos i recently purchased this cd again . i once owned it on cassette . keith is a real smooth old school type singer and his music and sound has sustained very well since it was released in the early 90's . if you are building an old school collection with great singers this is a good one to have . it 's great for romance or with that special lady . jaye price beltsville md
music pos i did n't think it was possible for the delays to top their debut release - but they have . while " faded seaside glamour " is more immediately catchy and refined , " you see colours " comes at you in a much more intense manner . the songs are more mature , the musicianship is top-notch and the recording sparkles with fat bottom-end and soaring harmonies . the high points for me are valentine and winters memory of summer , but there 's honestly not a bad track on this release . the delays put it all together - great songwriting , strong musicianship and excellent production in a genre-bending mix that has something for everybody . it 's a shame these guys do n't get more recognition here in the states . buy it
camera neg this is my third digital camera , i bought it after my tot dunked my previous camera under water . i did a lot of research before i bought this and it was highly rated in consumer reports . after a few months of ok pictures ( the macro setting is not very good though ) the lens cover started sticking but i learned to live with it . i would manually open up the lens cover each time . then the lens cover got stuck in the open position and i was learning to live with that . but now the camera is almost completely dead . it will not power up properly and sometimes it beeps . i 'm not sure but i think i am out of the warranty period with this . i will not buy another canon camera . this camera was made too cheaply . i wish things were not made to break right away
music pos i remember listning to this album over and over again when i was young . to this day i still ca n't get these awesome songs out of my head ! a must get album for you old school folks or anyone that enjoys great music
camera neg boy , this is way too much to pay for a hood on this lens . it 's a great a lens , but this is hardly worth the price
camera neg i purchased this camera for a friend to use in hawaii . we had nothing but problems getting it to wind properly and the pictures both on land and underwater were all blurred and my friend was very unhappy and i was frustrated . i do not know if this is just a bad camera or what
camera pos i really liked this cam bag..it serves its purpose very well and is really cute too !
camera neg this camera is the worst ! ! ! i bought this on black friday there are many reasons why i am returning this piece of junk : 1.first of all , it runs on double a batteries 2.when i came home i started taking pictures.after i took my first picture , it said error saving image ! 3.then it worked and it didnt work.i tried downloading some of the pictures that were actually saved on the camera onto the computer.when i finished downloading them , i looked for the pics on the computer.i f0und them but the pics were all blurry.i was so fed up that i left it sitting on my computer desk for the next 2 months . do not buy this camera , it will be a waste of your money and time ! i actually thought hp made good cameras.....- _ -
music neg an absolutely lackluster effort from some very talented musicians . i gotta say , i could have used a little more cowbell
music neg when mike & the mechanics ushered in the ` madchester ' scene with the living years it was only a matter of time before these jokers attempted to jump on the bandwagon . if you want to be adored you should write some decent songs lads ! verdict : do n't waste your money .
music pos i think his debut had the best lyrics . this joint gets off to a good start with we still party and pretty much bangs till the end . his production on here is best described as " late 90 's roger troutman-esque g-funk " . geust stars like 2nd ii none , amg , suga free and el debarge get their shine on . top joints : we still party ( peter gunz and quik on the track ) quik jacks the verb song from school house rock . ( the jam ) so many wayz hand in hand you'z a ganxta ( quik refutes rumors that he was involved in biggie 's demise . also denounces reference to death in rap songs . ) i useta know her ( should be called i useta hit that ) speed medley for a ' v ' ( the p***y medley ) get 2getha again ( class of 91 , 2nd ii none , amg and quik triple team on this track . ) reprise ( medley for a ' v )
camera neg not worth the $10 i paid especially when i had to spend $7 to ship it ! !
camera pos for less $100 you can hide all your electronic equipment and still control it with the original remotes . this product does everything it promises , i recommend it with no reservations . 110% satisfied ! ! ! !
music pos i love this pretenders album and chrissie always rocks but i love the songwriting skill of billy steinberg & tom kelley . they wrote " love colours " , " night in my veins " and the hit " stand by you " . her follow-up to this , " viva ! el amor ! " also contains three tracks written by them . i purchased this long after its release and was glad i did . steinberg kelley write memorable hooks and good lyrics with interesting chord changes . something not all big names can do on their own and chrissie wisely is aware of this .
music neg this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead
music neg as a peripheral bnl fan , i have always admired the off beat sense of humor these guys dish out . with previous releases , i have been able to discover new things in repeated listenings . this cd got stale fast . seems to be geared to the tween crowd . i am hopeful newer releases will stay true to the bnl i have enjoyed in years past
music neg i loved her first album but this one is the same old same old rehashed time and time again she has reached her limits i 'm afriad
music pos i got the pleasure of seeing albert open for bb king . unfortunately for bb king , because once albert started playing his flying v , with blues power , he demoralized anybody that came after him . he had the entire universal amphitheater standing . and stayed standing for most of his show . blues power is one of his best . get , listen , and then really listen . because you can feel your skin crawl with extacy from those notes. .
camera pos i had a chance to compare it with a tokina glass . canon is better on a contrast and better on a distortion , same or even slightly worse on a sharpness , and complete looser on a build quality . if you are ok with 12mm - get tokina
camera pos me encuentro muy conforme con el producto , es de excelente calidad y muy buen precio . amazon es para mi el mejor sitio para la compra de cualquier producto
music pos you wo n't stop bobbin yo head until its over . i bought this when it first came out and we still bump this at every party we go to and everyone is happy to hear it , cougnut is easily as good as biggie ever was , he just never got the exposure that biggie did
music neg i was literally horrified when i first put this album in my cd player . this cd is absolutly terrible , every song sounds like its been composed for some middle school band to play . furthermore the songs hardly sound like the songs they represent , they 'll go through like one riff from the origional then just do their own thing . do not , i repeat , do not purchase this album . i was expecting some cool , fun , funky lounge music but this cd is just obnoxious . the only thing that makes this cd remotley worth purchasing is the cool album art and free coaster
camera neg i would love to really rate this camera case but i have not received it yet . we have been waiting for almost two months and still no case
camera pos great little package ! small , compact , fits easily in your pocket . took them to giants stadium to use from my end zone seat . able to see action very clearly in the opposite end of the field . easy focus for my bad eyes
camera pos i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer .
music pos i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible .
music neg why are they butchering pac 's songs like this . i advise anyone to get the bootlegs over this album . the original ghetto gospel and loyal to the game are 2 of my favorite pac songs but the one 's on here are painful to listen to . afeni should have let dj quik , daz , and whoever else that worked with pac do this album . they should have just digitally remastered the bootlegs . this started with still i rise to until the end of time to better dayz and the quality has been going down and down and they hit rock bottom with this one . the 2 stars is 1 because it is pac and another for the song uppercut . the most obvious butcher job is black cotton where em chose a fast beat and you could tell he is trying to speed up pac 's rhyme . i hope they do better with this last album due out this year
music neg this album is very weak compared to his earlier efforts . the music is simple and straightforward , and the rapping is poor
music pos i went through a painful final separation from the love of my life when this cd was released in 1997 , and i identified with every song . i listened to this cd over and over for several months . i saw kim at the " house of blues " in hollywood during that time and sang along to every song . this cd is my favorite " bitter sweet " cd of all time . i love you , kim
music pos this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i
music neg this is the #1 worse song of 2006 ( #2 is " sexyback " by justin timberfake ) . for real . his voice is awful and i do n't know who is worse : james blunt , macy gray , or shakira . imagine the three of them doing a performance together on a stage . it would be pure he11
music pos any one of the first 4 cuts on this album are worth the price of admission . these pieces , each melodically rich and honed like a fine gem , remind me more of classical romanticism than what normally passes for " new age " . sit back in a cosy armchair with a glass of wine and let this beautifully-crafted music weave its web...it 's " feel good " music that also has an intellectually satisfying bittersweet flavor
music pos brilliant , glorious music- -all of it , although i agree with those who have come to feel that the ellington / strayhorn version of " the nutcracker suite , " in particular , is an all-too-often-buried treasure that no christmas season should be without ( and if you can ignore it for the rest of the year , you have more willpower than i ) . what happens to tchaikovsky 's marvellous music- -and grieg 's , too- -in these hands is creative homage of the highest order : the music is re-imagined from the inside , in wholly jazz terms , in a way that simultaneously illuminates and completely reconceives the original . what balanchine did for tchaikovsky and stravinsky in dance , ellington here does for tchaikovsky and grieg in another realm of music , and leaves us with works that deserve to be every bit as loved and celebrated as their older and better-known prototypes . and to top it all off , you get ellington and strayhorn 's own superb " suite thursday . " listen and rejoice
camera pos i am really satisfied with the purchase of this camera . good quality workmanship . canon has been a leader in photography in my book . easy to use controls for any one
music pos do i mean the best album or the best singer ? you are correct if you said both ! i saw kristin chenoweth on a pbs show " broadway 's best at the pops , " ( though it was not the first time i had heard her ) and decided to check out the offerings here . this is a collection of the kind of music and performances i love . she has a great range , a precise pitch , and a great style that is at the same time true to the music and to herself . in an era when singers try to outdo each other re-interpreting the composer 's original work , not usually with great success , she is a blessing
camera pos i bought these for a trip to costa rica and used them every day . they are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . these are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc
music pos another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years
camera neg it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards
music neg simply put , jay-z is incredibly overrated . i own a couple of his cds but to be honest , i never really liked him . his beats never grabbed me and his lyrics never stunned me so much that i just had to go back and listen to a specific song again . he mostly raps about drugs , money and cars . nothing special , nothing new . i 'm just being real about it , since everyone else is on his d ! ck . i think the reason he 's so respected is because he blew up right after biggie died and he was the closest thing to him at the time . granted , jay-z does use some good metaphors , but for the most part his lyrics are shallow . best tracks on this album : ca n't knock the hustle brooklyn 's finest w / biggie dead president
camera pos from all the reviews i read , i expected certain pros and cons from this lens . i was not disappointed . pros : very sharp lens with very good colors cons : vignetting at wide open , and a little too contrasty for myself , the pros outweighed the cons for the price . it is ideal for the 1.6 multiplier cameras , where it becomes a 38mm lens
camera pos this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos
camera pos i switched from the digital rebel xt . since i already had l-glass lenses , i did n't run into problems with the 5d " exposing " cheaper lenses . the 17-40mm really shines on the full sensor ! the burst rate is simply astonishing . missing flash does n't bother me , heck it 's a $3000 camera , i do n't expect a built-in flash . i have the speedlite 580ex , which of course is wonderful in itself . i also have the battery grip which i recommend , as well as the rs-80n3 cable release . image quality is superb overall - the 5d really shines in high iso numbers - more so than even the 1d from what i 've read . even at 1600 there 's hardly any noise . it allows you to take great , crisp photos in low light where other cameras would require a flash . the camera also is quite light while being very sturdy at the same time . the 3 fps might bother some , but i prefer the incredible burst numbers .
camera pos i bought two , one for me , one for my daughter . it is compact , user-friendly , it has nice sized screen . it comes with a charger ( i 've been told that some do n't ) . 6.2 mgp . video with audio . all this for a very nice price
music neg me especially i cannot hate on cam cuz i got his first albums and thats when he was serious lyrically . either the money went to his head or he just ran outta s*** to say . and judgin that his subject matter stays the same i guesss its true . dude spits some retarded a** lyrics . i give this cd a two cuz of the beats . but this dude is a certified beatwaster . these producers need to give these beats to rappers who can actually spit bars . this n***a sumtimes do n't even rhyme
music pos if you 're a dion fan do n't miss this cd . all the hits including my favourite - donna the prima donna
music pos i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive .
music pos really nothing on this is bad . the best imho is rubyhorse , the brian jonestown massacre and the subways but a case could be made for any of the songs . the only problem is now i have 8 other cds i need to buy
music pos i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work
camera pos i agree with many of the reviewers- -in the mid range and wide angle the lens is superb , but it is not quite as sharp as a tele- -as one of the reviewers said- -it does many things , and not all of them perfectly- -the lens is a compromise , but an excellent compromise- -the vr is an added boost- - i 'm still debating whether or not to keep it or send it back , because of the weakness in the tele- - but there is nothing else that can replace its versatility.- -i do n't want to keep changing lenses
camera pos this is one fantastic flash . i had it on my canon a2e for four years , and was ambivilent , but if you match this lens with one of canon 's newer bodies that has the funcionality to access all of the 550ex 's features , you have an awesome , powerful , flexable flash that can change the way you shoot
camera pos easy to use . produce pretty good quality . it takes pretty long to process between the shots . so you wo n't be able to take quick continuous shots . but for the price it is pretty good valu
music neg this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame
music pos i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again
camera neg i ordered this product from amazon.com and when it arrived i fully charged the batteries . when i went to use them they were dead . i charged them again and when i went to use them a few days later the batteries were dead again ! i want my money back
camera neg bought this camera to have better print pictures than what i get with the digital . i 've tried using it in every mode auto , close-up , etc. but the autofocus never works so most of the pictures come out blurry ! my older simpler camera took better pictures
camera neg be careful ordering this item - make sure it 's the right one for your camera . while it says it 's for the a95 , it isn't . while it does n't say in the header that it 's the la-dc52c , it is , and the a95 camera requires the la-dc52d . i had to return the wrong one and reorder the right one . i purchased the wrong one based on amazon 's direction when purchasing accessories and do n't want others to make the same mistake
music neg as if the song for mesmerize was'nt bad enough . a f*** 'in grease video ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ja officially became a diva with this album . this album is horrible . the pledge had some life due to nas appearance , thats why it 's hard for me to request a zero star rating . bottomline if ja 's body was made up of his albums , this part would gangrene , maggots would avoid this and you should too
camera neg canon 's 28-135mm with is ( image stabilizer ) is a far better choice for the money
music neg ...unless it is rock and roll played by ac / dc . i f***ing hate them . they are overplayed so much on the radio , and that is the most annoying voice i have ever heard in my life . do n't waste your money on this cd , just turn on the radio...then turn it off
camera neg this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else
camera neg the en-el3a is a works fine and with no problems . however , amazon is misleading its customers by putting a lower price from a partner company as the primary price of the item . amazon should market the item at it 's price and show the partner price as an option unless the item can only be obtained from the partner . the 2 stars is not for the item but for amazon 's misleading advertisment
music pos i bought this cd after i 'd watched the movie the first three times . the music is wonderful . i bought it specifically for the song they sing in the church scene - " i do n't care to stay here long " and i want it played at my own funeral way out there in " someday " . you ca n't hear it without smiling and the words are much easier to understand on the cd than in the movie . but just in case , here 's the first foot-stompin ' verse : fare - - well , vain world ! i 'm going home . my savior smiles and bids me come and i do n't care to stay here long . bright angels beckon me away to sing god 's praise in endless day and i do n't care to stay here long . right up yonder ! christians , away up yon-der . oh , yes my lord , for i do n't care to stay here long
camera neg rated one star for the lack of value . you can buy the same canon brand case for under $14 and a higher capacity , imho better , albeit non name brand , 1200mah battery for under $10 from amazon . the neck strap is not worth the difference .
camera neg for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back .
camera pos i have received this camera for serveral weeks . it 's a good long zoom digital camera . i can use it for 18x optical zoom when i set its photo size less than 3m ez . the photo is n't blur as i use image stabilized . the picture is sharp . image quality is good . however i have to set the iso at 100 or 200. when the iso is 400 or above , i can see the noise , and the picture lose detail . but every camera has its own defect . overall , i am satified with this camera , and i am enjoying using it to take pictures .
camera neg very cheap , you can tell it 's an fake camera miles away . sure it has these features of motion detector which makes it move and has led lights ; but not worth 6 dollars at all . stay awa
music pos i inhaled this cd . after all the hype and hyper blowin ' up about this dance / punk / rock genius , i finally broke down and bought it . not that i was old enough to get into the discos in the mid 70's -early / mid 80 's ( i was still in elementary school , then middle school ) , but i remember ( and still love ) the groups that influenced this disc...the buzzcocks , heaven 17 , pil , blondie...hell even the rolling stones " some girls " album . and yes , i have to say ( after finding " death disco-songs under the dance floor 1978-1984 " cd and i 'm ordering it ) the old stuff is more fun . but for the hipsters who do n't know this is not original genre , it 's pretty great . no , it 's very great . the first song " daft punk is playing at my house " was fun , and both discs made it worth driving through snowy / sleety / frozen rain covered streets to work out at the gym these last couple weeks
camera neg i bought this item for $40 online and then found out my canon camera didnt need a cannon brand charger and i could have bought one for $10 instead . in total i spent for this charger which included the shipping and handling . not worth it . go to another store and by one for $10
camera neg mini dv cams are better , and should cost about the same . this particular camera has poor quality video and it is a pain to get video transferred to your computer . the software is glitchy , so you 'll probably end up downloading drivers yourself . find a different camera
camera neg i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective
camera pos hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one .
music pos this is a great album . two of their biggest hits , " another one bites the dust , " and " crazy little thing called love , " are here . my favorites are " need your loving tonight , " and " prime jive . " most of the other songs are top notch , too . none of the later queen albums matched this one . definitely in the class of night at the opera , day at the races and news of the world
camera neg it is hardly one month old and the pockets on the sides have already started coming off . it is not the stuff that i expected froma brand name like panasonic
music neg this album is pure crap ! just a marketing move to capitalize on the sales from straight outta cashville , until he can make a real new album , not this microwaved crapola . if you like buck , get straight outta cashville , an beg for mercy , than wait for his future release , with actual new tracks . i strongly advise you not to buy this . it is a total rip off . i wasted my time downloading this
camera pos i bought this camera to replace a 3mp kodak cx series when i thought i had lost it . my 3mp took great pics and i never had any problems with it and i did n't want to have to learn to use a different brands software . the kodak easyshare software did n't impress me much when i bought the first camera but they have made some improvements and the updated version is much better . the kodak gallery is a nice option that allows you to share pics without sending large email files . i have n't used the c533 a lot since i bought it but the pics i 've taken have come out great . but just like the other reviews state , slow shutter speed at low light and it does like batteries . however , if you spend the extra money for the lithium batteries you 'll get much improved battery life . all in all a great value and a perfect camera for a point and shoot person
music neg this guy sounds worse than brian johnson does now . why ca n't people my age stop copying the past ? be original . that 's it . this style is well worn out .
camera neg it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so
camera neg horrible camera . barely had it 2 months before it went on the fritz.drained the batteries within a few pictures.so not worth more then the cost of a disposable ! ! sorry kodak...but i 'll stick with the good ol ' reliable sony
music pos its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. .
camera neg i got it on sale for $88.00 thinking it would be a great bargain at that price . i feel i was ripped off . the video quality is ghastly when given enough light , and absolutely unusable without . the same goes for the pictures . even at highest quality - and a lot of image enhancements , the results are mediocre . the audio portion of the video had a very noticeable hum , which i was able to remove with my audio editing software . otherwise , the audio recording and playback were " acceptable , " at best . this device is useful only as an audio recorder / mp3 player , and is not really a bargain
music pos this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives
music pos this is the album that all kenny g fans have been waiting for ! ! ! it was well worth the wait too . not only is kenny g at the top of his game but the vocalists are great ! the entire group of artists is so eclectic . thank you kenny g ! !
music neg um. i have nothing against bands that are " mainstream " . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music...better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh. nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm.. . bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer .
music pos as always , opinions vary in terms of who is the master at recording timeless pieces of music such as these bach cello suites . starker himself pronounced in the sleeves of this cd that this edition , the 4th recordings of these music by himself is not " technically perfect " , but in many ways , his most mature interpretation . you can spend hundreds trying to find a mercury copy of " the perfect " rendition ; or you can appreciate the little imperfections of an aged artist , at the height of his humanistic understanding of music , and of life .
camera pos it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack
camera neg i purchased this case for my dscs90. i hate it ! it is only big enough to hold the camera and nothing else . there is no handle to the case , in fact the case only has zippers and you are suppose to use the strap from the camera itself for the handle . the zippers do not stay in place and the camera can easily fall out of the case so i do n't recommend doing this . look for a better case for your new camera .
music pos this is a fantastic holiday christmas album . doris day 's beautiful voice singing these terrific christmas songs make for a beautiful sound that will bring all who listen years of enjoyment . a must have for those who enjoy hearing terrific christmas music over the holidays
camera neg me and my wife bought the jvc camcorder and burner set up to send dvd 's back to my parents because we did not have an computer at the time . at first it worked great then after 2-3 disc in it would pull up the same message unable to formate the disc . we have been throught about 25 disc just to burn off 10. we returned it to get another and it did the same thing . we thought i might of been a bad batch of disc so we used the one that came with the burner and no deal . i do not recommend this to anyone
music pos i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , " are competent but do nothing overtly interesting " . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation
music neg i cant understand how anyone can give this album more than one star . luckily i got this cd for free when they were handing them out to everyone who came to their shows on their 2005 tour . i love classic journey , but this band has gone downhill faster than i ever thought possible . most of the songs are terrible-boring music and even worse lyrics . ' arrival ' was pretty mediocre , but this is about 5 steps down from there . granted , steve augeri does complete justice to the old songs in concert and really sounds great , but he obviously has nothing to offer in the way of songwriting . the only way this band will ever create quality new music is if perry were to stop sitting around at home and come back to the band . otherwise , the band should seriously consider not making any more new music and just go on tour every couple of years
music pos i had first bought the " here and now " hoping to hear the original recordings , but was slightly disappointed that on that cd the older songs were live performances only . if you want their hits as you remember hearing them on the radio or your old album that may be trashed , this is the cd for you
music neg i 'm sorry but the guy below me does n't know music if he was slapped with a gang starr cd . this mess is ridiculous . i would n't even want to hear this garbage in the klub let alone banging in my car . they are the modern day version of young mc....here today gone tomorrow
camera pos for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures
camera neg the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself
camera neg this camcorder worked well , but i had two complaints with it . 1. on the sound track you can hear noise from the recording head moving back and forth , sounds like a woodpecker . this alone made it unacceptable or what i wanted to do . 2. i wanted high quality video , but since it records on a small dvd disk , the video is compressed before it is recorded on the disk . this causes some loss of detail in the picture , especially if you 're going to edit it and rerecord the video which i need to do . if you just want a camera to record a small dvd which you can then play in a dvd player ( and not all dvd players will play the small dvds ) this camera might be acceptable . i returned it and bought a panasonic pv-gs35minidv camcorder which uses the minidv cassette tape . much better video quality because its not compressd , and no noise from the tape drive
camera pos go to nikon 's own website nikonusa.com and compare the technical specifications of this version and the ' g ' version of this lens . there are only three differences . one is that the ' g ' version has its aperture set only by the camera body , while the ' d ' version can have its aperture set either by the body or by a ring on the lens . all recent nikon bodies set the aperture . the ring on the lens is invariably locked on all recent camera bodies . the second difference is that one ( 1 ) of the 13 lens elements in the d version of the lens is made of extra low dispersion ( ed ) glass . if the dispersion difference is so important what is the deal with the other 12 elements ? sounds like marketing to me . the third difference is that the ' d ' version costs three times as much as the ' g ' version
music pos percy grainger was a man of spectacular gifts . he was one of the most original composer / arrangers in the early part of this century . he was also a spectacular pianist in an age of spectacular pianists . this amazing cd documents grainger 's formidible gifts . it cannot be over-praised . both the music and the performances are well worthy of any piano lover 's attention . do n't miss this one
music neg while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection
camera neg i purchased this product about 2 months ago , the resolution is not the best but it 's acceptable . after a month , it turned off by itself and would n't turn on again ! ! i sent it to repair and had to pay $50.00 ! ! ! somenthing to do with the power button . i have it on a ups with battery , also freezes for no reason . i do n't recomend it
music pos this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed
camera neg the nikon camera s3 is a good camera but the camera takes to long to take a picture i dont like it because when i am at a party i want to take a fast picture . it sucks and i wish i never bought it dont make the same error i did and waist my money on the piece of junk .
camera pos i love the new digital canon . the only problem is it 's not nearly as tough as it 's film twin . i had the camera less than a month when the pop-up flash quit working . the canon people have been great , and very helpful , but i 'd rather not have had to send a brand new camera back to the factory . the photos , however , are wonderful . film quality for the most part - printable and enlargable . ( it would probably be better to use the camera with a tripod when using the 300mm telephoto but i hike with it , so just remember to steady it before taking wildlife photos .
camera neg im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us
music neg while the title cut with joe public was bumping most of this disc is so-so&amp ; formula driven.without teddy riley the grooves&amp ; vibe are n't as strong
music neg i received emails about delaying my order three times . since it showed that the product was available , i did n't understand why i had to wait less than two months to get my order . i was so disappointed by the amazon this time ! doing business like that , i am not sure how long you will survive
music pos there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever .
music pos along with son volt 's " trace " and nadine 's " downtown saturday , " this is one of the best rock albums of the 1990s and certainly one of the best alt.country albums ever released . standout tracks include " blue canoe , " " soul sister , " " eyes of a child , " " wink " and " let 's go runnin' " all examples of first class rock songwriting . the rest ai n't too shabby either . fans of the allman brothers and lynyrd skynyrd in particular should give this mississippi band a listen . but so should any mainstream rock fan
music neg i got this album because obie trice did some great stuff on the 8 mile soundtrack , so i figured i 'd check out what else he 'd done . this album just does n't live up to that .
camera neg for average people who want a camera that just works-and takes good pics you should not buy this . i do n't know about the specifics , but like other reviewers mine got stuck and quit working for no reason after a couple of months . so , i do n't really see what all the bells and whistles are for if it does n't even take a picture . it was fine while it worked , it ate batteries but the pics were good
camera neg i bought this lens in may for my brand new rebel xt . i used it on a vacation mainly , and am pretty dissapointed . i 'm no pro , or even skilled amateur , but i do know the lens is not giving me quality shots . the autofocusing is slow , and af or manual shots are n't very sharp at any zoom . there seems to be a fingerprint on one of the inner lenses that indicates poor quality control to me . i wanted a good , all around lens before building a real lens collection of different types . i guess this would fit the bill , if it took sharp pictures . i would n't pay more than $150 for this lens again
camera pos 300 plus minutes of recording time ( without lcd ) . i still got several hours with the lcd , backlight on . for when you are out all day , this is a good long lasting battery . on the hdr-fx1 i found it preferable to the smaller and lighter battery as it helped provide a touch extra rear weighting . that helped balance when using the camcorder at hip height for me . i ca n't say i noticed the extra weight as an issue when using at shoulder height , though i did n't have it on my shoulder for long periods at a time
camera neg i bought this in august 2005 , when the original battery that came with my nikon coolpix 880 ( late 2000 ) started running down fast . on the page i ordered from , it appeared to be a genuine nikon battery , however , when i received it , it was not . it was made in taiwan , and does not have the nikon brand name anywhere on the battery ( or packaging , as i remember ) . this battery has never held a charge well . it 's about as bad as the original battery is now , and i 've only had it a few months . maybe i just got a lemon- -but i 'd recommend you buy a genuine nikon , if you can find one
music pos even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously
music pos so many times , older recordings are not very high quality but not with this group of songs . if you are a marty robbins fan ( and i am ) this cd is a must
music pos some musicians , like fine chefs , make it look so easy . david grisman is one of them . on the cd , " i 'm beginning to see the light , " the prolific mandolinist extraordinaire is joined by scottish guitar virtuoso martin taylor and veteran grisman quintet members jim kerwin and george marsh ( on bass and drums / percussion , respectively ) for one hot little album . while the song list is comprised of many well-loved standards , such as " autumn leaves , " " makin ' whoopee , " " lover man , " and " cheek to cheek , " the taylor / grisman quartet seems to have so much fun preparing its stew and adds enough incredible seasonings to the pot to make emeril shout , " bam ! " as don stierberg , who penned the liner notes , says : " music need not be trendy to be great . " i wholeheartedly agree . ( c.a. carlino
music neg come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though
music pos i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons .
camera neg i too , loved the camera , despite the small lcd screen size , until it got the infamous white screen of death that this particular camera is known for , which usually occurs after the warranty expires ( 1 year ) . photos outside are great , poor low-light photos though , but i paid $100 for it ( and with $20 coupon it was $80 ) . small lcd screen means that it takes less battery power , so the rechargeable aa batteries lasted a long time . white screen of death temporary solution : turn the camera off , and do a quick rap with your knuckles to the " cybershot " logo on the front of the camera . then turn it back on . repeat if necessary . it 'll probably happen again , but it beats buying a brand new camera if you 're on vacation and do n't have time to bargain shop
camera neg this camera is a piece of junk . you have to be standing outside in bright sunlight to get a decent picture . and then when you try to use the flash it is so bright that everything in the foreground of the picture is washed out . not to mention the battery life is horrible . i got a 1 gb memory card so i could take lots of pictures , but the battery runs out after i took about 10. so all in all , if you 're considering buying this thing , save the money and frustration and just do n't
camera pos not too hard and not too soft . camera fits nicely , with compartments for just about anything you need for your camera .
camera neg i had just recently bought this camera , and it was ok . the quaility of the pictures was pretty ok . i couldnt really understand it , and what really stinks is that i lost the stupid cd that comes with it and now i cant install it . overall i would say that the camera is a stinky peice of junk . now im begging my parent to buy me a reall digital camera ! ! not a peice of crap .
camera pos this is a great lens for any user , professional or amateur . this lens offers incredibly wide focal lengths all while giving very impressive / clean results . a slight distortion is noticeable when shooting at 10mm ( 16mm cropped ) but this is easily correctable with software . in addition , the very fast and absolutely silent usm is a huge plus . i highly recommend this lens to anyone wanting great landscapes or great in door / architecture shots ( especially realtors )
camera pos i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop
music pos there is nothing more intimate then the human voice . i am a voice major at a university . nothing speaks to me more highly then choral music . i was a little skeptical about this cd when i first got it . i have since fallen in love with every aspect of it . of course if you get this cd you must get the companion cd lux aeterna by the los angeles master chorale . you cannot have one without the other
camera pos i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you
camera pos i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality
camera pos my printer fits perfectly , with plenty of room for the paper tray , extra paper and a few other things that i have managed to get in also . i love this bag....thank
music pos i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs
music neg i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection )
camera neg i only wish i could return this camera . its automatic focus does not work well in photographing landscape scenes and plants ( what i do most ) and its manual focus is difficult ( very difficult ) to use . my much cheaper , and lower resolution , old minolta does a much better job in low light conditions . i find i have to delete half my photographs due to bad focus . in addition , photo files take 5 to 6 seconds to save to my so-called high-speed memory card . do n't buy this camera
music pos sensational is a word i 'd use to describe singer jesse mccartney . good looks and powerful vocals . he 's talented and sweet . if you have n't gotten a copy of his latest cd ' right where you want me ' , buy it today
music neg i was a huge fan of the jam , but ive grown to despise paul weller and this cd strengthens my view . this is a covers cd and has n't got a patch on albums like all mod cons or sound affects.with paul weller everything is about a quick buck and ripping off a loyal fan base , with over a dozen jam compilations , rarities , box sets and dvd 's in the last few years.[since he bought the exclussive rights to all the jam recordings from the rest of the band].this album is bland so give it a miss and spend your money on the new stiff little fingers cd which features bruce foxto
music pos chris joss delivers some serious blaxploitation inspired grooves that will wisk you back to the times of bell bottoms , afros and platform shoes ! joss ' " you 've been spiked " is a retrospective piece of marvellously produced tracks that pays true homage to an era that gave us some of the funkiest music ever ! in fact , this music sounds so authentic you would think they came straight out of the 70's ...but it 's all circa the 21st century . it 's good to know that there are still modern cats ( especially on the esl record label ) who know how to recapture music from days gone by .
camera pos the enclosure has a solid feel to it . i dove with it three times with no problem at all . it would be nice if the weight does not cost extra . the only compliant i have is that the enclosure is a tight fit , so it is very difficult to fit a desiccant into the enclosure
camera pos some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please
camera pos i purchased this camera online one month ago from amazon here [...] and i have taken pictures from alaska to florida and in washington i love how the mark ii captures images imho more clearly than any film slr could ever take . best camera i have every use
music neg while well produced , i was disappointed in the album - mostly because the majority of the tracks were re-recordings . frankie laine still sounds great - but it just was n't the same . i bought the cd to replace a well worn vinyl album , but on listening to the cd i found the songs to all be slightly ( and in a couple of cases very ) , different in tempo and vocal inflection - it 's definitely not the album i 've loved for over 30 years ! high noon in particular is quite different , much slower , with vocal emphasis changed . i 'll probably listen to the cd from time to time , but not with the same relish that i enjoyed my old lp
camera neg not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for !
music pos dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor
music pos this cd was well worth the wait ! it contains music and artists that were previously unavailable and not even heard on the radio in years . i took one of the cds out of the box , put it in the player , and within minutes my wife and i were dancing . the sound quality , in my judgment is solid , the packaging is fun and creative , and the booklet containing the cameo parkway " story " was an interesting read . there will always be arguments about stuff that was included and not included , but this is an excellent overview of a wonderful era . what great fun to hear the orlons , chubby checker , the tymes , the dovells , bobby rydell , and dee dee sharp once again .
camera pos easy , fast and serius tool , for cleaning your optics . the easy use is discribe in the manual that is very clear to understand . cleaning is fast with the nikon lens pen , cuase it has the necesary to do the job well done , as any profesional tool . now i have 2 of them , for my two camera bags .
camera pos i have gone from the old 640x480 about nine years ago to a 3.1m for the last few years to the canon 20d now , what a pleasure to shot . the battery life has not been an issue even with over 250 shots , which should be sufficient for most anybody . there is a small learning curve but you would expect this with any new camera . the lens choice was a great idea which came from an earlier review of the excellent walk around ability of this lens from the general shots to the closeups of those favorite flowers . for those individuals who are on the fence about this product i tout it to all i have spoken to . it turned a good photo experience on our west coast road trip into a real serious photo shoot , it also uses the commonly accessable compact flash . the built in flash works well have not had to explore the options at this time . the delivery of this item when promised was a nice bow on the package
music neg there is not much i can add to these reviews here . just like me , a lot of people here were dissapointed because of the fact that so many classic 2pac songs were remixed only to sound like disasters . why would such an abomination happen ? suge knight is trying to milk the pac legacy until it is bone dry . well at least he has done something right if you ask me . it sucks that this is how we are forced to remember tupac shakur , over tracks chopped up into this . die hard pac fans wo n't even like this , if they have n't heard it already . i 'm so waiting for a remix album of " the chronic " and " doggystyle " . if suge knight was smart you would reissue tha dogg pound 's " dogg food " on dual disc , because that is the only reason why i do n't have that album yet .
music neg i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago
music neg yep , this cd sucks . that depeche mode guy is really random , what makes you think anyone who is looking at the punk-o-rama review would be interested in depeche mode ? rem sucks too , michael stipe is the most self absorbed old bald guy ever .
camera pos i just got my new camcorder and start to operate it . first of all is 's very easy to operate with the joystick , the use in the still image function is allways available , even while shooting a video ( nice feature but as all camcorders - low quality pitures ) the stabalizer ( one of the reason why i 'd preffered that cam over the other ) is great and even in full zoom you can get pretty steady videos . the large zoom ( x32 ) is also very nice . overall i think this is great value for my money... .
camera pos the battery is great , but amazon offers the accessory kit with the same battery , plus a mini-dv tape and a carrying case for the same price . the case is useless for the zr series , but might come in handy for some other purpose
music neg with much anticipation we awaited the arrival of clay 's second album , thinking this one would make the career of one of our favorite singers.. . and instead we fear that it is likely to end his career . while clay 's voice still sounds great , the cd is an entire collection of uninspired , underproduced remakes ... not one of which goes beyond the original . as you can see , this cd is nowhere on the billboard charts , and we 're very sad to say in our household , that it 's for good reason . save your money and buy one of the much better idol cds ... and almost any of them are , most recently kelly pickler and carrie underwood .
music neg i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things .
music pos for anyone who loves trumpet music as i do , this album is a must . wynton marsalis has mastered twenty all-time favorite pieces with such brilliance , that no other trumpeteer comes near by comparison . opening with j . clarke 's , the king 's march , wynton proceeds to favor listeners with such baroque favorites as purcell 's entrada from " the indian queen , " j . clark 's the prince of denmark 's march and j . stanley 's trumpet voluntary . fantastic selections from bach , mozart , and haydn follow , with the album also including such delightful listening as the last rose of summer , carnival of venisee , and flight of the bumblebee . you wo n't be disappointed with this purchase
camera neg i 've had other digital cameras but this is the first one i 've had problems with . i started getting a zoom lens error shortly after i bought it but it would clear if i turned it off then back on . it is now unusable as the lens can not be retracted at all . it lasted 18 months
music neg apart from the great selection of soundtracks , what really makes this compilation top value is the quality of the sound processing . executed with finesse , these tracks sound better than when first issued and many are unedited , fuller versions : like " singing in the rain " , for example . throw in the great price , and this double disc set is a " must have " for all lovers of classic movie music
camera neg im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us
music pos whoa.. . this cd rocks , one of my favorite anti-flag albums for sure . this cd may not be what some of the harder punk fans want from anti-flag but i think it also shows they 're growth as a band . they can play more than just really loud hard punk ( though they play that awesome too ! ! ) . some of the songs on this album incredibly powerful , and some are really catchy too . war sucks lets party is a great anarchist anthem , and one trillion dollars is amazingly moving ( i mean , seriously ! 1 trillion $ spent on weapons around the world in 2004 ! ) every track is good and has its own message ! they seem to have no problem coming up w / new songs.. . there are so many things to ridicule in our gov . i just wish that more people would listen to this band 's message . peace and lov
music pos -unique -highly artistic -creative -more credit to drummers -beatifully polishe
camera pos the picture and dimensions are incorrect . it is a soft case but is ribbed horizontally and mine came in blue . the correct dimensions are 2.9 " x4.2 " x1.8 " ( wxhxd ) . it also fits the fujifilm v10 camera which i bought it for . amazon has a different case built specifically for the v10 but it costs more and might be nicer based on that picture . i am keeping this one , it is a perfect fit
music pos well , this is n't at the gates . nightrage reminds me of many old arch enemy guitar tunes that were so melodic . of course , that leads into gus g . substituting chris on concerts being an excellent choice , as they make very similar melodies . some people say this album is heavy , which it is in some parts . but its melodic death , there are no signs of thrash or anything . just great melodies , great headbanging music . add this to your collection , i think its better than sweet vengeance
music neg after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song " my only " from the " good as it gets " movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song
camera pos i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck .
camera pos i am very happy with this set of filters . the price was right and they come with a carry case so you dont have to worry how you are going to carry them if you go lite , camera and filters
camera pos my cousin 's wife is a professional studio photographer who occasionally lends out her lenses to me for clothing / lifestyle photoshoots ( i 've been pretty active in this area for some time , just now starting to go full digital ) , and i 've used the f / 2.8l about four or five times and this is one of the best lenses i 've used . period . shooting wide open allows you to retain high shutter speeds for night shots , as well as get very interesting and vibrant long shutter shots ( of crowds , the freeway at night , etc ) . when shooting action shots , the tripod mount can get in the way of zooming and focusing , but it can be removed easily enough . i personally just purchased the f / 4.0l , which , coupled with a relatively wide max aperture and shooting at either 1600 or 3200 on my 20d , should do nicely , but i still rate the 2.8 high up on my list
camera pos i bought this for my mother...she loves it ! its easy for her to use and the screen is large enough for her to view . the print quality is excellent . i got more ( merchandise and quality ) with this hp brand than i would had with any other brand . the price was excellent too . good job hewlett packard for making me a " smart " person
camera pos the only two drawbacks to this lens are that it requires a huge amount of light to take quality photographs and it is relatively slow to autofocus , especially where there is not adequate light . aside from this it is a good but not great lens . it is probably worth the money that it cost , however , i believe that a better lens would be the 70 - 300 mm vr which costs about 4x the price of this lens
camera pos very good rechargable battery pack.holds charge for a long time even if camera is not used much . capable of taking many shots with plenty of review time . very pleased with it
camera pos i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed
camera neg half of my pictures are out of focus making it useless . should have sent it back
music pos this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great
music neg wow , did someone slip the wrong cd into my jewelbox or what ? if you 're a fan of allison 's other work , epect nothing like what you 've heard before . this is mostly a pop album , and the songs that could have been saved are ruined by the awful engineering . the sound is way over compressed and artificial sounding . even allisons voice has no drive to it . steve earl is no match on the guitar for joe mcmahan who played on the show cd / dvd .
camera neg i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! !
camera pos i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it
music pos this is lovely stuff . the other reviews say why much better than i can , but i just had to add to the adoration
music neg i found the music rather annoying . it was not what i expected at all
music neg as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album
music pos if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first .
music neg crikey ! ! ! ! what is this chunder ? wait a minute....art students from " down under " get together and make fun little songs while watching reruns of " the wiggles " , decide they can market these tunes to an adoring fan base ! yeah , this stuff could be the soundtrack to " forrest gump " alright . " run , forrest , run ! run as fast as you can from this crap ! ! ! " and these guys are touring , too ? are they touring with barney & friends ? there is not one thing of value to this other than that the cd itself makes a handy coaster for your foster's ..
camera pos wonderful camara , excellent characteristics , has an ample selection of accessories available and protected by one of you lead in manufacture of camaras and lenses
camera neg i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
music pos for hard-driving well-crafted rock-and-roll from the late 70s / early 80s , you ca n't do much better than pat benatar ( and heart ) and this collection carries most - - but not all - - of the singles that dominated the airwaves for 4 years : heart breaker , hit me with your best shot , love is a battlefield , fire and ice , promises in the dark . but no benatar collection is complete without ' treat me right ' , ' you better run ' , and ' i want a lover who wo n't drive me crazy ' ( superior , in my opinion , to the john mellencamp version ) , especially if you prefer benatar 's hard-driving rockers to her slower ballads . nevertheless , ' best shots ' is a great place to start and certainly - at $10-15 versus $50 for the more complete ' all fired up ' - - the best value for the money .
camera neg doesnt work even though the lenmar website says it does . i thought it was a pretty good deal for $26. i wouldnt even give it one star coz it plain doesnt work
music neg i ca n't believe some of the songs on this soundtrack...they are horrible pieces of s$# ! ? * &%# ! #$ ! there are a couple good ones , but its not worth spending the money on for the c.d , not even at a used price.i ca n't believe they did'nt put " low rider " on the soundtrack , how cheap is that
camera pos these cameras are as simple to use as any i have ever seen and the quality of the pictures are as good or better than cameras costing 3 times as much . great buy
music neg a terrible , terrible waste of money . all this cd serves in doing is to illustrate what a knuckle-head paul godfrey is . face it : no one gives a sh@t about morcheeba anymore , we 're not interested in who ' inspired ' them , ( poor annette peacock - has anyone told her ? ) . the next time we see paul godfrey he 'll probably be asking that age-old question : " paper or plastic ? & quot
music neg this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's " stronger than death " album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of " all for you " and " 13 years of grief " sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of " no more tears " tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . " like a bird " is the best song neil young never wrote and " blood in the well " shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story
camera neg over 90% of pictures i took by this canon are blurry . no way can you fix it . i really got fed up with it . waist your money . waist your time . more important , waist your precious moments !
camera pos i bought this camera for my 16 year old granddaughter and she just loves it . the pics are bright and clear and the camera is very easy to handle
camera neg just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it
music neg i like funny rappers who have some talent at least . i do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all . and even the people that i know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they do n't like it at all by the third time . truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke . avoid this one
music neg i understand why so many people like dido..she is beautiful , has a decent voice , comes across as a decent human being and is inoffensive...this album is the same - ' inoffensive' ...some might say , bland...the tracks that work for me are ' thank you ' ( used on eminem 's ' stan ' ) , but is done solo here and it works , ' hunter ' and ' here with me' ...the rest just disappear into the background like a passing car...nothing much happens , nothing inspires...i really want to like her , but it 's all been done before. .
music neg i would love to own this soundtrack but why anyone would pay 120 bucks is just plain dumb . quite frankly i would like to see your copyright on this item to see if you are just reburning these cd 's and reselling them . for 120 bucks you should be reported to the authorite
music pos we started playing this for our one year old when we were driving on a short trip out of town . as babies sometimes do , she began screaming and was unconsolable.. . until we turned on rocket ship beach . polly wolly doodle calmed her right down and continues to do so . we played that song at least 6 times in a row that day ! now that she 's a little older , she points to the cd player in the car if something else is playing , requesting her cd be played . i 've always enjoyed a wide range of music , and was afraid that after having a child , we 'd be reduced to listening to watered down " kid music " like that purple dinosaur and those australian guys . there is a mixture of classics reimagined and new songs that i find myself humming all of the time . there is a good variety of instrumentation and styles . our daughter claps at the end of her favorites and often waves her arms about . got kids ? buy this cd !
camera neg i have n't got this item because it is too expensive for what it gives . i have a fujifilm e550 camera which cost is usd 250.00 by this date . this lens cost is usd 95.00 and it need a special adapter ring that cost extra usd 20.00. that means you will pay usd 365.00 for a 8x zoom camera . for that price or less you can get a +10x slr like camera like the fujifilm s5100 or s5200.
music neg save your money on this one . it 's sooooooo bland - with no jams ! what a disappointment . can i get a refund
camera neg i lost the weights the second day of use . bottom line the motion of the water as you swim unscrews the weights from the camera body . save your money on this one .
music neg ignore the big word " karaoke " on the cover and the microphone shown , this is just a music cd , it does not display anything in a karaoke player
music neg dull and uninspiring , listening to this cd i could n't see what distinguished the doves from the other insipid sound-a-like bands that plague the modern music scene . if you like the white stripes , franz ferdinand , arctic monkeys , the killers then be grateful that they 've saved rock music from boring dross like this
music pos this is a wonderful , fun and soothing cd ! it will relax children and parents will enjoy it even after the 100th listen ! ! my husband is a musician and he loves both of the dan zanes cds we have . this will now be a gift i give to all my friends and family when they have a baby
music neg let me first say this , roots is basically paul simon 's graceland , except nu-metalized . these guys went to south america , cut a couple of terrible tracks with " natives " ? , then filled the rest of it out with generic nu-metal crapola with that guy from korn cut and pasted into the mix for good measure . this is a particularily bad example of the vile and thank-you-god-in-heaven-it's -dead nu-metal genre-meaningless pissed off lyrics , excessive " guesting " of other crappy artist , bad guitar , bad sitar ( ! ) , and the inclusion of anything to do with korn , all presumabely done with band members sporting loinclothes and rambo style striped face paint . the biggest waste of time , money , and matter . its a shame that these guys are living and breathing and taking up space and resources that someone else could be using . a real bummer .
music neg on the track , " cleo 's mood " , it sounds like something that bookert.and the mg 's , along with the mar-key horns would 've cut . it sounds like steve cropper on the guitar , and booker t.jones on the keyboards.the sax style is definately jr.it 's a soothing piece
music neg i 'm mean , i know these guys do n't have a shred of originality. . afterall , that make some of the same crappy beats you can put together on piano 's and they just got to mess up classic songs also . he 's about as good of a musician as he is an actor . this country is just too unoriginal these days
music pos of course , no jazz musician can pack the energetic wallop that dizzy could . his trumpet can only be described as hot , and hearing his music makes you think of people dancing their legs off with garbage cans burning all around and smoke in the air . this man 's music has life in it . unfortunately , the real energy to dizzy is in his latin jazz work , and a more complete compilation of that style would be the compact jazz series . ken burns ' collection here is more versatile , but just not as lively as dizzy 's music can be . proceed with caution
music neg i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away .
music pos i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about !
camera pos this is a great camera for travel and everyday events because of its small and convenient size . we bought it to replace our bulkier sony dsc-f707. the large screen is wonderful ! the video feature is a lot of fun but due to the small size it is hard to take a steady video . the battery meter is very useful as it tells you how much time you have left . the main downside with this camera is the flash . it does n't work well in very dark conditions for distant or even slightly distant shots . if it were n't for the flash , i would have given this a rating of 5 stars . this is overall a good camera . for more serious digital photography , we prefer to use the sony dsc-f707 as it has a better flash and zoom . however , it is too bulky to carry around
music neg i opend the cd filled with joy till it started ; at the beginning i thought there should be some kind of mistake but no , there were no letters . not even one word , we could n't sing at all ; we just had the letters printed in very tiny letters but no guide to sing
music neg if you work in a comic book store , live in your mom 's basement , own a lot of black candles , and think that h . p . lovecraft wrote history books , then you might like this garbage . if you have a life , a clue , or a girlfriend , then you probably will not have any use for this stuff . i still ca n't figure out how record companies get away with classifying this pseudointellectual fluff as metal . it belongs in a category with sisters of mercy or morrisey . this record is completely lacking any imagination or energy : depressing teenagers is like shooting fish in a barrel . i guess if you want to play dungeons and dragons and fester about feeling like an outcast , this would be the thing to listen to . personally i think it 's a huge ripoff when somebody takes five minutes worth of music and stretches it out into an hour . do n't give these jokers your money .
music pos while i am not a big fan of john mclaughlin or mahvishnu orchestra - i cannot deny that they really had something with this album. . it is something new - not just an extension of miles davis - they were breaking new territory.. . there is a cohesiveness amongst the band members - of course abounding with improvisational talent - this is fushion but first of all it is music
music pos trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player
music pos julieta venegas did it again . she scored an album that is not alternative in style , however it is very catchy pop music . her melodies are perfect for a morning drive with the radio on . you can sing along and express day to day feelings . julieta continues to use instruments i like such as the harmonica . and of course , julietas nice character and her lovely behavior shine through in her public appearances . my personal favorite is " me voy " , a very positive song about a not so positive event , breaking-up . keep up the good work , julieta . your songs are appreciated .
music neg i got hooked on tiesto about 5 years ago . heard a live taping on the radio of him a couple of weeks ago and they said its from this album . neverhteless , it was n't but it was still tiesto though right ? well...the hits on this cd are about 5 years old . the build ups are terrible and i felt like the songs were redone about 10 times from other various artists . stick with " tiesto:nyana " ...10130340345435 times better
camera neg bought the camera , charger and the kit as part of the deal . every thing looks good except the missing npf-50 battery . requested for a replacement . in the replacement kit also battery was missing . returned both the items . 59.99 for a carry bag and 3 dvd sis not worth buying this item
camera neg i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
camera neg the cybershot dscs40 was bought as a christmas gift for my daughter in 2005. a few days after christmas 2006 , the camera ceased functioning . because the camera was shipped in november 2005 , sony refused to honor the one year warrantee and the repair price was given as $111. needless to say , we will not be purchasing another sony product in the future
music neg sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas .
camera neg i was very disappointed with the images produced by this camera . i had hoped the ultra-wide photos ( which was my main reason for going with this camera ) also would be ultra sharp , but instead they tended to be soft . the camera has a lag time of about 1 / 10th of a second , so it 's more of a point , shoot and wait camera . the v705 may be okay for posting internet images or enlarging to small prints , but do n't expect the sharpness typical of better quality cameras . in my opinion , the camera squeezes too much out of a jpeg photo by way of compression and shooting tif files just is n't practical . i demand better image quality from my cameras and , when zooming in , i like to see detail . i certainly do n't like everything going soft .
music pos " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album .
music pos other than that this is a proper introduction to the heavster
music pos " animal farm " is a personal favorite of mine . and i dont understand why this song does't get more recognition - in my opinion , the most underrated song ever written ( yes i know , its a bold statement ) . theres something about davies ' voice in " animal farm " that makes this song unforgettable - particularly in this part : ' while i lay my head upon my pillow little girl , come play beneath my window though she 's far from home she is free from harm and she need not fear she is by my side and the sky is wide so let the sun shine bright ' the build up to davies screaming " she is by my side " is really breathtaking . the title track and " starstruck " are just as excellent . this album is a real treat and should be in everybody 's collection
music neg i bought this cd only yesterday.the recording level is too low and i could not listen to the performance even with the volume cranked fully up.rather than going in for another high wattage amplifier i decided to return the cd ! !
camera pos i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses
music neg unfortunately , i forked out $14 for this cd . upon first listen i am extremely dissapointed . being a huge fan of sp for years this album offers none of the harmonic resonance of green 's previous work . also gone are the magnificant beats we have come to expect from this artist . use this as sunday background music on a rainy day ; but do not expect to get the party started with this album.. .
camera pos i 'm sure there are those who 'd wax philosophical over the subject of filters and how one brand is " much better " than another , but for my canon ef-s 10-22mm on a 20d , i figure canon would be fairly good at making a filter that they 're willing to have branded " canon . " it fits fine , does n't interfere with the lens hood , looks clear , seems to attenuate that nasty ultra-violet part of the light spectrum and perhaps best of all , protects the front element . what more would one want
camera neg the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
camera pos this is a great buy if you are just wanting to have some fun , with no real investment . although it does go beyond 17 feet , and that is not as far as you may think . but , i used it while snorkeling and the pictures turned out great , and i am sure a few were more than 17 feet .
camera neg i just opened my dock kit and began to assemble and the included battery is too big for the c743 camera . the battery must be for one of the older cameras that is bigger . i think it 's odd , as the camera dock series 3 is the correct camera dock . i 'm disappointed with my purchase and wasted the money that went toward the battery . i do n't know whether the dock works okay , because i did n't get that far . this is my second easyshare camera and dock and i was very happy with the first one . now i have to buy another battery
music pos this will be short . it is worth the price of this album just to hear the branford and harry connick jr. duet carolina shout . that being said , all of the other tracks on this album are excellent . from jungle blues to doug wamble 's solo guitar on autumn lamp , with this record you get a pile of blues and at the same time gain an appreciation for romare breaden 's art . a must have . branford keeps outdoing himself
camera neg i love my nikon coolpix 5900 however , the lens failed in less than one year . service took 6 weeks to repair . the lens failed again after less than 10 days after repair . why is the lens failing to open again ? i absolutely hate the inconvenience of returning this item again for service although i do have a paid plan for it . why ca n't warranty be fast , local and competent
camera pos good camera for the money. . picture quality excellent . used camera on recent trio to florida for spring training and colors superb.still learning the fine points and capabilties of the product . dealing through amazon exceptional . product arrived well within promised time frame . no doubt a good deal
music neg nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing
camera neg i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good
camera pos i do weddings , portrait , and outdoor photography and i do n't see any reason why i 'd ever switch from the d70 ( other than the d80 : ) . this camera is professional grade at the consumer price point . do n't be scared by the 6.1 mp . i print at 20x30 all the time w / out any problems . i 'd recommend reading thom hogans manual
camera neg it takes too long to focus and shoot ! this , coupled with the very long time it takes to write to the memory card , well , it is horrible . people who write in saying they did n't notice the the slow focus and writing , must be either paid by nikon or total nubs . do not buy this camera . it did take decent movies , and the size is nice
music pos this cd is supberb ! ! absolutely fabulous . i received it timely and have enjoyed listening to it over and over again . all my deslings with amazon thusfar have been outstanding . thanks , amazon laura rig
camera pos i recently recieved my new camera , and i am thrilled . i have been researching which camera to buy since december ( when our last camera went capoot ) . there have been mixed reviews for the olympus sw series , but could not resist the appeal of this camera 's unique features . i cannot wait to take it into the pool this summer with the kids . so far , the point and shoot options and pictures have been lovely . any person can screw up pictures with any camera , but this camera has so many features to avoid that . my husband and i had a wonderful time taking extreme close up shots of our garden . i have not seen that quality , and had that much satisfaction from a camera since we first switched over to digital . i am very pleased , to say the least , with this purchase .
camera pos the battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one battery is discharged i can just pop in the spare . it was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time
camera neg we just bought this camera to replace our minidv jvc-dvl500 that was bought in 2000. in short the picture taking ability is worthless and the quality is very grainy and dark . i applied the workaround listed above , but found that i had to set the frame rate to 1 / 15 in order to ge the brightness that i needed which caused a very jittery image . the quality of this camera is something that i would expect for $200 , needless to say i am returning this camera today
music neg this has got to be the worst pile of trash i ever heard , right now i cant think of anything worse then this . the same ol trash bling and girls . and if you got jd and bow wow on your album at the same time , its gonna be wack . and do these n***** even know what franchise mean ? what does that word have to do with their name ? i 'll just start a click called ham & cheese and rap about flip flops and thongs for that matter
music pos with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way
music neg this is nothing like the classic dead you 've heard about . far from it . the sound is too polished . " alabama get away " and " althea " are okay but the rest is junk . i think most dead heads would agree that this is not the one to look for if you just want some of the deads ' best music . really.. . the grateful dead with a polished sound ? ? just does n't seem to fit . save your money for one of their greatest hits compilations , plus american beauty , worjing man 's dead , europe ' 72 and " dead set "
music neg listening to the standards being sung by rod stewart is like listening to classical music being played on a kazoo ! if you 're new to this music , try out some sinatra cd's . he 's the guy who sets the standard when it comes to singing the standards
camera neg i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting
music pos the first four albums are so unbelievably great that for me it 's almost impossible to say one is better that the others . taken together , they are almost like one long album . the family that plays together shows the band turning a slightly more commercial corner without sacraficing any of their artistic integrity . their blending of styles is a bit mote intergrated than on the first . randy california 's influence on the music was becoming stronger as well . one thing that differd spirit from most of their comtempories was the strength with whch they were able to convey their songs in concert . i saw the original version 11 times and they never failed to astound me . it 's a shame that the only legitimate live recordings of the band are of the later ed cassidy / randy california version . not that the later versions of the band were n't great - they just were n't quite as good as the original band . if your'e just being introduced to spirit , the family that plays together is a fine place to start
music pos this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady
music neg agreed , the fan is there , but i must admit they are actually singing well in the actual solesmes style ( based on these samples ) . i have heard superb chant and frighteningly bad chant . this is not as bad as it gets i assure you . try to find something from a seminary or monastery
music pos i bought this out of a cut rack for $3.99. it sat in my cd tower for at least 5 years before i ever really listened to it.i could n't stand the way it sounded over my stereo and i came close to trading it.i brought it to work and put my headphones on and it sounds like a completely different album.i really like the whole experience . i 'm lucky i brought it up here-it was going nowhere at home but i 'm playing it a couple of times a day over my headphones . i do n't know anything about this band , i bought it on a whim , but i 'd reccommend this album and i may follow up on this band
music neg i bought two copies of this sacd , both had glitches and would not play in my player correctly , be forewarned . i dont have any other problems with other sacds so i assume it is in the production somewhere . they would lock up for no reason , this is right out of the box , both copies .
camera pos to all , i just purchased the sp-550uz after searching for the best camera bang for the buck - olympus fills the bill.... . 3 / 3 / 07 was my first day of use and i decided to check all the features - with the batteries supplied - still in use and a 2gb card - i took off for the outdoors and began shooting pictures at a local park - 300 pictures - including several 15 fps and 30 fps shoots and three videos - 15 , 30 and 45 seconds in length . i am not a pro and will be using this camera for sports , vacations and every day family events . no cons yets - i love the " scn " feature - just select how you want to take the picture and the camera setups the camera - all you have to do is take the picture
camera neg panasonic offers a usb driver however no video driver . this means that anyone using windows xp will be unable to transfer video to their computer . when talking to panasonic they just said they didnt have a driver and were not developing one . they offered no suggestions or alternatives
camera neg the wifi is a great idea ! the idea on paper sounds amazing , but the way you had to do it was horrible . it gave you no control over what pictures or anything . plus it was slow . the picture quality was horrilbe ! ! ! m y two megapixel cell phone takes better pictures than this camera . they look amazing on the lcd screen , but once you get them on the computer , they are fuzzy , grainy , etc. i would not recomend this camera to anybody . yes , it has some nice features , but the pictures are anything but acceptable
camera pos i am a busy mom of two young children . this camera is perfect for capturing all of their cute faces and happy moments . i love the fast cycle time . i love that i can take multiple pictures in seconds . would recommend to anyone
music neg the cd is great ! ! ! the legendary johnny cash comes thru loud and clear on this cd . however , it took amazon over 30 days to deliver this item and that was only after numerous emails to them . their attitude of " just wait a few more days and email us again " was both insulting and annoying . thank goodness this was n't a christmas gift for someone .
music pos i never have understood how some people have an inate quality for music and some don't . well , willie was one of those that definately did . it is hard to imageine the blues without the likes of willie dixon : the writer , the musician , the producer , the businessman . i listen to his work over and over again , each time learning new nuances i did not hear before . how incredible is that
music pos when my boyfriend bought this for me i was so happy and i remember i would play this music and sing for him in the car on cool dark , starry nights and i would be mesmerized not only by the intensity of those nights , but by the music she sang and how she deeply , richly portrayed those songs . she really knew how to set the mood for any lover or lonely lover as well . i totally recommend this cd to start if you have not heard much of her music...she truly is addicting once you hear these songs...these songs will definetly put you in an enchanting and romantic journey
camera neg my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [...
camera pos am very pleased with all aspects of the camera except one . i do not like that the viewfinder is no longer operational once you flip open the lcd screen . sometimes i like to verify my shot with both
camera neg i had a kodak camera for years that i absolutely loved . we took it ice skating and ended up falling on it . therefore , my family bought me this sony for my b-day and i have to say this is the worst camera i have ever owned . if you have any movement ( such as action shots or small children ) the picture always comes out blurry . what a pain ! also , the picture quality is horrible . i will not purchase a sony again and am going back to a kodak
camera pos the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out .
music neg even as dedicated of a radiohead fan as i am , i really do n't care much for this album . i say thank goodness for " creep " because we may have never heard from them again ( or at least not in the same way ) if that song had not become as popular as it did
camera neg this is a poorly designed camera case . you have to take the camera out of the case completely each time you shoot pictures . i expected the case to remain on the camera body and just uncover the lens so you can shoot . i was very disappointed . this is rather a leather box than a camera case
camera pos my search for a semi pro digicam made me do a lot of research and after i shortlisted a few models i had to find the best deal . amazon helped me get that deal and today when i look at the performance of the camera so far. . i am amazed.. . the camera was bound to be good but a special thanks to amazon.com for helping me get one at a gr8 price
camera neg image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day
camera pos small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to
camera pos this camera was a great investment . the photos turn out wonderfully . better than a regular film camera and i have kept an eye out on simular cameras...price wise we got a fantastic deal on this camera and it was well worth the price . the only problem i have found with it is that the batteries wear out soooo fast but i think all digital cameras have that problem . this is a great camera
music pos this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic
camera pos this is an excellent battery that powers my canon 5d camera very well . although i have n't tested it against the spec for how many shots i can get from it , i 've been very impressed with the longevity of it 's charge
music pos comparing gogol bordello and juf is like comparing apples and oranges . i have seen gogol live more times than i have fingers and toes to count on . when i bought juf i did not expect to hear anything remotely resembling a gogol album . this is a dancehall album . you like it or you do n't , but just remember it is a side project . it does not make any sense to compare it to other gogol albums . listen before you buy
music neg as a gene autry fan , particularly of his christmas recordings , i was really looking forward to this release . but...what a disappointment ! i will look over the dropouts - obviously the source tapes have deteriorated - but what happened to the final three cuts ? they are so laden with noise reduction artifacts that they are barely listenable . and , i know the disc is short , but were the 2 second pauses between tracks really necessary ? talk about choppy . no flow at all . this cd did make me do one thing...go back into my archives and pull out my original grand prix vinyl . i think i 'll be doing a transfer and retire this cd to the bottom shelf .
camera pos high iso and large screen were the reasons for my purchase . the screen is great but , when you force the iso 1600 , it seems to darken the pictures more than in 800. i have a s5200 and that one seems to adjust other options like white balance much better when an iso is set w / o having to go to full manual option . definitely something to improve ! the auto option seems to work much better and i was surprised with how good the high speed three frame shooting works . also , the two picture function ( it takes two with slightly different sets automatically ) saves me on a lot of ' re-posing
music neg my wife got this cd for me because i like the music from the movie cast away . she saw the words " cast away " in large and prominent print . she saw the picture of tom hanks , very large . she assumed it was the soundtrack for the movie and not just the 10th track of 10 on the cd . in hindsight she should have read the entire panel on the cd . i guess the producers of this cd did n't think the rest of the music could stand on its own and so they deceptively packaged it this way figuring most people would n't waste time returning it . if you had it listed in the rate column , i would give it a negative rating instead of just the one star
camera neg attention ! i got this lenmar from amazon . however , it is not compatible with my latest model of sony 's dcr-hc96 camcorder ! the camcorder warns you to use infolithium battery , and then shuts down . that 's it
music neg mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . the same cannot be said for ' 60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs .
music pos i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : -
music pos as with her second album , i love " thankful " . kelly clarkson has a beautiful voice and has a lot of talent . i especially like " whats up lonely " , " you thought wrong " , and " just missed the train " . although the whole album is very good .
camera neg this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly .
camera pos every picture of mine that included larger portions of the sky would have these stubborn spores on it . pretty infuriating , especially when you got the shot just like you wanted it . yes , you can always remove those on photoshop ( or cheaper yet , the gimp ) ; but is n't it cool when you look at a picture and say : " that is it , nothing to do on it ! " ? ? and it was n't just the sky . any off-white but light plain colored background would suffer visibly from the acursed specks . with this blower , greatly priced ( pity that adorama does n't have free shipping though ) , i put my camera on the tripod , pointed it down , squirted three or four times - and gone are the specs ! ! ! great buy for dslr owners
music neg this is not what i expected from such a gifted artist as jaheim , did he change producers ? the music and the man with the voice did n't go together well for me . this is one i will not be purchasing , it is a serious down grade from his previous two albums . better luck next time , jaheim i was truly disappointed .
music neg i do n't want to hear any more of their music on the radio . it is all just nonsense , and none of it should have ever been made . they are one of the worst hip hop acts in recent memory
camera neg loved this camera the first month or so that i owned it . two years later my feelings are very different . batteries need to be recharged constantly . camera rarely turns on after being off it 's dock for more than an hour . all i can get is a flashing red light signifying that the batteries are dying . zoom is worthless , pictures turn out very blurry and pixelated . flash is also way too bright , half of my pictures are annoyingly " white " looking because of this . definitely going with canon on my next purchase
music pos a great recording . " the greatest bass solo ever recorded " ( as put by another reviewer ) is certainly a stretch , but the album is still magnificent . heavy sounds is a title that accurately describes the music . buy and enjoy .
music neg i think india is one of the most talented artists today . her voice is sensational . sadly , as with many great artists today , this album feels more producer / market-driven rather than artist-driven . i understand that regaetton is popular right now . i would even understand including a few reggaeton-flavored songs to " keep up with the times " ( shakira 's " la tortura " comes to mind ) . but who mixes two genres within a single song ? ! ? " soy differente " flows perfectly as a salsa , until regaetton beats come in . the style feels very out-of-place in this song , as in most other songs in this album . maybe this kind of thing will work at a club , but not for extended listening . in my opinion , the producers are making this album more marketable while stiffling india 's own style . i hope she will regain contol by the next album
camera pos i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever
camera neg i bought this frame in jan. ' 07 and the screen burned out march ' 07. i returned it and the newest one burned out last night - april ' 07. this product needs a redesign - the screens do n't work for long .
camera pos this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a " loaner " while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d .
music pos the music contained trout mask replica is some of the most unique , acid-drenched art to ever be pressed . the songs on the album are mainly divided into folkish a capella tunes and the crazed jams the captain and his band are known for . several strange , unconventional themes are visited and revisted throughout the track list , such as bulbs , gingham , trout , and a variety of other surreal , sensously described wildlife . however , if there 's any reason to buy captain beefheart 's trout mask replica , it 's to listen to the album as a whole . i find it difficult to listen to any other way . while i find this to be true , i do have favorites that i go to when introducing friends to the captain , or simply jamming out to without dedicating myself to the full experience : " ella guru " , " dachaus blues " , " dust blows forward " , " neone meat dream " , and " old fart at play " stick out
music pos these guys and this album rocks . just because the songs force you to move other parts of your body beside your head , does n't ' demote ' it to pop . props to the great use of two bass guitars . released amid the misery / grunge rock explosion of the early 90 's , this was a great escape into rock that just simply made you feel good again . this album is highly recommended . kill your television , grey cell green , cut up , throwing things , happy , and until you find out are just an awesome experience . if you can find the grey cell green single release , i highly recommend that for the track entitled ' trust . '
camera pos started to by a less expensive bag last january ( dec. now ) and i 'm shure glad i didn't . for the money this bag is a good one . it 's not flimsy and you can get in and out of it and the pockets easly . the tripod holder on top has been real convenient
music pos " the guitars are n't loud enough , and neither is the bass for that matter " which is so true , but it 's still a great album . seeing them live , makes up for this cd no doubt . stand out songs : -the city sleeps in flames -the world as we know it -just a taste -my darkest hour -empty glasses -the only medicine ' my darkest hour ' & ' empty glasses ' are my favorites . i know those songs by heart
camera neg i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it
camera pos this is a good , affordable uv filter for protecting your expensive lenses . i leave it on my lens all the time . this particular filter ( l-39 sharp cut ) is especially good for wide angle lenses ( < 24mm focal length ) , because of its ultrathin profile , which prevents vignetting . i have used regular filters on wide angle lenses , with very bad results . although this filter is not multi-coated , i have not found it to be a big deal in the pictures i 've taken . multi-coated uv filters can cost 2x or 3x the price of this one , which i do n't think is worthwhile . all in all , i recommend this filter for canon or non-canon lenses
camera neg i bought this camera for my wife and we find it unusable . the problem is the flash recovery time which takes a good 5 seconds . during this time the camera 's view finder goes black and you cannot use it . because the camera is so slow , we have missed many important pictures of our children ; consequently , we found that for any important family events , this is not the camera we use . i own nikon 35mm slr cameras and i am shocked that nikon would sell this unusable product . if it is your life your recording , i recommend that you buy a different camera
camera pos the optical x6 zoom on the canon a710 is is already better than cameras in it s range ( i.e. non slr ) . however , the zoom takes the picture up to the natural size ; the tele converter lens really does make a difference . firstly , if there are any negatives , they are very minor ; the lens and adapter are black - would have been nice to have been silver to match with the camera . erm , that 's it ! the main quality of canon is the lens , which they always do well . the clarity of this lens is very good , with very little fuzziness at the edge . it also connects simply the adapter and seems fairly solid when connected . the electronics features help in the overall control of adding the attachment . the tele lens does make a difference for just getting that bit closer to get what you want .
camera neg this camcorder is only good for outdoor recording . in indoor recording or recording in little bit low light , picture quality is very bad . i tried to record in my living room where i have two 100 watt bulbs but recorded picture was very blurred . in outdoor recording in a sunny day , picture quality is quite good with sharp colors . zoom works well
camera neg this camera took some great pictures , and i enjoyed it 's size and functionality for several months . i was sitting in a lawn chair at a barbecue last weekend when i was passing it to a friend who was also seated . the camera fell about 2 feet onto soft grass . the end . the lens assembly is shot , according to my local camera store , not economical to fix . this was about the softest fall a camera could take , and not work , it was like landing on a pillow . i will not buy hp cameras again
camera pos i had used some third party batteries with 15 minute charger , that used to die for 10 photoes or so . this canon one seems to realllly laaast looong.. .
music pos joe cocker has one of the most distinctive gravelly voices in r & b history . he 's always stuck to his roots and never gone with temporary fads or novelties . this collection is another classic with great covers from the beatles , elton john and gary wright . his interpretive voice has always been the focal point of his songs , but in dts 5.1 , you are surrounded ( as if in concert ) by his presence . the completely adept and intuitive musicians that accompany him add more atmosphere without taking from his performance . imagine hearing him in live in a theater and you 'll know what to expect from this warm and heartfelt album
camera neg i tried the trick of resizing , but honestly , the image quality is still abyssmal . the images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out . please , if you 're thinking of buying this for someone for christmas this year , choose something else . it might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight , but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like , this will be a huge disappointment . the good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that 's almost guaranteed . so put this one on the " must buy for mom " list for the 2008 christmas season . i very seldom write a review , and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake i did
music neg i agree with other reviewers . do n't waste your money . i should have listened to the samples . to hear more awful fakes , visit the producer 's web site at drewsfamous.com . listen to their selection of garbage before you make the purchase
music neg certainly this album offers very little to a fan of the ocean blue 's eariler work . the vocals and guitars sound quite different ( gone is that beautiful dreamy sound ) . and what about those awesome saxaphone and keyboard sounds that made their earlier tracks so fun ? just because steve lau is gay is no reason for the band to abandon keyboards altogether . so , anyway , what does this album offer instead ? harder sounding guitar , angrier sounding vocals , and songs that are somewhat intersting , but are lacking in any magic that would make you want to listen to them after you 've had the cd for a couple weeks . exceptions : " whenever you 're around " , and " slide " are good enough songs to standout inspite of boring production
camera neg the title says it all : one month the warranty expired , the zoom feature on the camera broke , making a horrible grinding noise if you attempted to turn it on . the camera is all but useless . the fuji shop said they need to replace the lens assembly , at a cost of at least us$120 ; for that price , i 'm buying a new camera , but not another f10.
music neg this cd and the one entitled " night ranger 's greatest hits are almost identical , but are different in this way : " best " contains " i did it for love " . " greatest " contains , instead , " rumours in the air " and " restless kind " . the other 10 tracks on each cd are the same . so , which one to buy ? my choice is the one with the extra track . also , in my opinion , both tracks on " greatest " are better than the one on " best " . in addition , here 's hoping that the band or record label decides to release a true " greatest hits " or " best of " album that will contain about 15 or 16 songs . or maybe a multi-disc compilation that will include some rare tracks . night ranger fans would surely delight to see something like that
music neg amazingly this compilation has managed to get together some of the most untallented performances of brahms ' music . with a few exceptions the moto of this cd can be summed up as ' no understanding and appreciation for a musical genius' . the choice of music is also quite perfunctory . there are many brahms pieces that could have served better the bedtime purpose . buy at your own risk . my only fear is that some people will get their first impressions of brahms from this cd. .
music pos ok good cd . im not suprised . ok jaheim may not have the b best voice but his music is good and it goes will with the voice that he has . yes yall this album does use profanity but the songs actually have meanings . i like that daddy thing song , and like a dj . this album looks at issues from a mans point of view . ya know we 've heard the angry woman and how the man did t his and that now jaheim looks at it from a males view . ok yall i know he is not the first one to do this but he did it well . also this is a break from that [...] that is played on the radio .
music pos great music , great band . this is a must buy . recommended to all hard rock lovers
music neg i cant believe there are so many positive ratings given to this sub-par testament release . testament must have taken hints from metallica and tried to attract a different audience . this is not a horrible album , but compared to any other testament album , it is easily their worst . only the die-hard testament fan , or those into commercial metal should pick this up .
music pos i have been listening to this album for at least 12 years and it rarely leaves my cd changer . i played the cassette version until it literally would not play any more , and it was one of the first cds i bought . a relative first introduced me to this album and of course " coming up close " was the reason i bought my own copy . but i came to love each song and appreciate aimee mann as an exceptionally gifted songwriter . it is a great " road trip " album and " on sunday " makes the perfect " summer song " . the mix is not mainstream pop / rock . it is not a 1980 's anthem , but it is one of the defining moments , for me . the lyrics have meaning , which sometimes defies what the ' 80 's were about . the only other thing i can say is listen to this cd ! i am sure you will find mann 's unique voice as captivating as i do . it is a definite must have for one 's cd library
music neg this is junk not music.neon moon is the worst song ever ! it is so boring and dull.and a cool drink of water is a horribly written and sung song ! this music bores me ! leave it alone and stick to rap , rock , or metal.country sucks
camera neg the filters that i got are poorly finished . the 812 filter has a smudge on it , while all 3 filters do n't screw on properly on my lens . all filters come off easily . they are totally useless . i suggest that you buy filters in a real store so you can try them on your lens
music neg i am very dissapointed with this dualdisc , because there is no comment ( worning ) about dvd region protection . what can i do with this disc - region 1 , in europe ( region 2 ) ? my message for sony corporation is : " this format will not exist for long with dvd region protection ! sorry . " . my first , and last dualdisc . back to the sacd
camera neg a great idea poorly executed . the construction is cheap . the screen is marginal at best . but worst of all , it refuses to recognize any of the 3 digital cameras i have on hand or a usb card reader . a piece of junk that i am now returnin
music neg you win some and you lose some . this purchase was a definite loss . what a dissapointment
camera neg decent camera , but not great . shark mode is nice . housing looks good , but mine leaked at ~20 ft...camera was dead by the time i got it out of the water . good news is that amazon processed the defective product return rapidly and credited my account in about a week . net result was one decent picture and a disappointing christmas present . next time i will buy a housing for a better camera . canon has some nice ones
camera neg i got the dreaded " e18 " error after owning this ( naturally ) for just over a year . repairs will be at least $100 , and repairs are only guaranteed for 90 days...even if the exact same problem occurs again ! this is clearly a design flaw ( just read how many users had the same problem ) . my first photoshot broke after about a year and a half , and since i liked the ease of use and basic design , i chalked it up to bad luck and bought another . big mistake
camera pos great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen .
camera neg after about 2 months of light use , the camera stopped working . also , the output format was very difficult to work with . absolutely will not work on a mac . the price is coming down greatly...i saw it for $88 at target
camera pos i bought these for a trip to costa rica and used them every day . they are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . these are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc
camera neg i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera
camera pos this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that
music pos this is a great movie soundtrack ! . i 'm a passport fan since i was a kid back in the 70's . i have all klaus doldinger 's official releases with his passport signature . please go and look for this cd " running in real time " from passport and listen to track number 2 : auryn . then go and get all his passport releases ( almost 20 cds since the 70 's ) . then you will see why klaus doldinger is very creative
music pos i was introduced to nitin through my cousin who lives in england . she saw him live in london and raved about it...so off i went in search of this artist . he was difficult to find ; nonetheless i was determined . i am one of those people who love music from almost all genres , cultures and corners of the globe . in other words , i am not a radio-pop saccharine sweet loving music listener . i look for music that proposes thought ( although i do believe even top 40 has its place ) if you are looking for an album / artist that resonates emotion , along with a powerful subtlety check nitin sawhney out . you wo n't be disappointed .
camera neg the zipper was broken within one day , and the hook was broken within two days
camera neg should have listened to the reviewer before me . unit arrived dead . neither ac power or car charger worked . tried replacing the 4 batteries that came with it with my other known batteries and unit still did not work
music pos i 've been waiting for this one.this disc and this group period was funky.movin was one of the baddest instrumental jams that i 've ever heard period.can you see the light is a tight jam as well.one of the many bad groups from back in the day
music neg atleast they are trying this time around . still no where near as good as the band was with max . pros : faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without max at the helm . guitar playing is passable . cons : lack of solos . derrick is still lacking as a vocalist . just is n't as good as old sepultura , songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable . bottom line : this album falls short of expectations . the current sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best . if you like old sepultura i suggest you not waste your money on this , but then again you might like it . buyer beware
camera neg we bought this camera two years ago . we have loved using it , until last week . the camera showed an " e18 " error in the middle of a special event . we researched the error online and found that almost anything can cause this error , from turning the camera off while it has a low battery to having something in front of the lens while turning it on . we 're not sure how ours developed the e18 ( never dropped or damaged . ) our camera has been rendered useless and canon 's only response it to have us mail it in for $100 repair
music pos first of all bob dylan is certainly not for everyone . however , if his style is up your alley this is a classic . you can turn on the radio and hear all those classic songs of his like " lay lady lay " or " like a rolling stone " to name a couple . planet waves is the type of album where the sum of the songs come together wonderfully . this is probably my favorite dylan album and i have all the " classics " like blonde on blonde , blood on the tracks , highway 61 revisited . ect . i 'd recommend this to any dylan fan
camera neg i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera
camera neg i bougt this camera and a olymus camera , both in the same price range , the kodak camera was by far deficeint in quality of image and workmanship . avoid this at all cost the olympus was well made , durable , higher quality picture and ease of use
camera neg cheaply made and ill-fitting , this " deluxe " case is n't worth half the price . there is no handle or wrist strap provided ; your camera 's strap becomes the carry handle . a small , snap-strap is provided , but i ca n't figure out what it 's for.. . the snap is easily unfastened with light pressure , and i would n't trust it to hold the weight of the empty case , much less with the heft of a camera inside . do n't buy this item : amazon will not reimburse you for the return postage , because it 's not their fault you do n't like it.. . and you will be returning it . save yourself the trouble .
music pos wonderful cd the music brings back a lot of childhood memories ! a must have for those who are looking for a cd that includes neil diamond 's top hits .
music neg just another cd of the awful , awful techno-crud that has infested goth / industrial clubs , while real artists like cinema strange and knifeladder get the shaft . worthless on every level
music pos this movie was a favorite in our household and my daughters always enjoyed the karaoke a the end of the dvd , so we searched for the soundtrack . i actually chose this volume over volume 1 for two reasons...it contains the favorite from the movie , " i want to grow old with you " actually sung by adam sandler and secondly , because volume 1 contains the song that adam sandler sings about his ex-girlfriend , which contains quite a bit of profanity , so i did n't want to get it for my kids . i would have given it five stars , but we find the introduction by billy idol at the start of the last track , " i want to grow old with you , " which is dialog from the movie , to be distracting and it gets tiring to have to listen to over and over when you just want to hear the song , which i mentioned was the absolute favorite
music neg charlotte church had the most beautiful and captivating voice i ever heard when she debuted . i purchased all of her albums and played them to death . this cd is horrible ! her beautiful voice is no more as she makes no attempt to even use it . some of the other reviews said this release is the result of her growing up . ridiculous ! she could easily have kept the angelic voice as she grew . this is simply a tragic waste of talent
camera pos this camera delivers excellent video quality . i use it with the hot-shoe attachable microphone and the audio is quite good . i 've plugged this into my hd television and the quality is excellent . i have also had the optura xi from canon and while the build quality of the hv20 is not quite as good as that of the optura xi , the video quality is nothing short of stunning . this is a very good deal for $1000. you wo n't be disappointed
camera pos good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways .
camera neg purchased this item in dec 06 ' screen burned out mar 07' . on top of that screen quality was not that great . do not order order this item
music pos i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : " liberty - the american revolution " and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary " liberty " was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites
music pos joe bonamassa is a blue / rock musical phenomenon that is awe-inspiring to anyone who will take the time to listen to his music . in his musical style / class , i would count him the second greatest musician on the planet - with walter trout weighing in first place . as you can easily see from all of the other reviews , i believe that you will find this cd well worth purchasing - as i have found all his material is . ( after purchasing this item , i eventually went on to purchase everything he produced and have n't been disappointed . ) as with any cd , you may not like all the selections but i believe the vast majority of his material you will . among my favorites on this cd are : ` pack it up ' , ` you upset me baby ' , and ` man of many words' . bonamassa is an extraordinary adept and versatile musician . since he is young and gifted , we can expect many more superb cd 's in the future . highly recommended
camera neg be warned , if you have a computer with a slot dvd drive , you simply cannot transfer your video files to your computer for editing , sharing , whatever . ca n't be done without a series of possibly mythical workarounds and loss of quality with each step . i was even willing to consider buying an external dvd drive with a firewire connection and a loading tray that supported the 8 cm disks , but could n't find one . i searched all over , asked in several places on the apple web boards , talked to the ' geniuses ' at the apple store - this camera is simply not usable with a macintosh that has a slot drive . talk about crazy !
music pos this is tha best master p album this and the movie this came out when i was and the 6 grade to lisen to this it 's emosional to me it reminds me of back n da day friends i knew all that my favrite song is mama raised me it gots bone , snoop , e-40 all no limit all them it 's a great album you can lisen to it most the way though it 's a great album gansta classic you gotta get this
camera neg they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... .
music pos the original jack johnson lp was my favourite miles record . i also had an expensive japanese cd but all this would not prepare me for what i discover here . over these cds one discovers the original sessions from which the record was made . this is simply wonderful . ok sometimes it takes quite a bit of patience to sit trhough all this but it is worth the time
music neg this air supply should 've been cut off a very long time ago . whenever any of their songs comes on the radio i immediately shut it off . bad ear candy is all they ever recorded . mindless , sappy garbage . even bread 's music was more interesting than this
music pos i just saw this woman live and she 's amazing ! ! ! ! the songs come alive when you hear them ! it 's hard to put into words the state that her music and lyrics put you in . but trust me it 's a good place ! please check her music out if you 're into heartfelt music
music neg listening to this c.d. first gave me a headache , then it made my stomache churn . it is so uninspired , it 's not even funny ( or listenable ) . yeah , it 's loud , but i can be loud , too , if i had some pots and pans and a " guitar . " do n't get this , it 's nothing but d-r-i-v-e-l
music pos like it says in the ( " 33 1 / 3 " ) liner notes : " ...world class chops and originality " . if jazz is your bag and guitar licks get your attention , these tracks will set off fireworks ! my music collection started circa 1960 , but these guys made it to the top of my list in a heartbeat ! if i could , i 'd give it 10 stars
camera pos very clear , bright day , strong magnification quality seems to be good . very well priced at around $100.00.i will know more over the passage of time .my firstimpression is good mj schra
music pos this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan
camera pos the lens fulfilled all of our expectations as to quality of portraits and field of view flexibility . the stabilization aspect is a great help , although it does n't compensate for someone pushing the shutter too fast in low light conditions . highly recommend this lens as the standard use lens for the canon rebel xt
camera pos i wish there was also a photo that showed the backside of this camera case . if there was i would have known that this excellent quality case unfortunately does not have a belt loop which is what i was looking for in this product . great quality nevertheless
camera pos i am very pleased with this camera . i especially like the light meter that tells you how many apertures you are away from the correct exposure . i am using this for my photo class and is easy to use
camera neg i used this camera once and have no good photos to show for it . it took 5 frames then skipped several and took 2 more , then nothing for the rest of the roll . we swam with sharks and i have nothing to show for it . should have bought a disposable one
music neg i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed
camera neg this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality
camera pos i bought this as a gift for my mother and she absolutely loves it ! definitely a good buy
music pos thoroughly enjoyed the cd . have some of the songs as performed by other artists , but it 's nice to hear them as performed by the writer . i 'm always impressed by one with that kind of creativity .
music pos immerse yourself in the incredible genius of mark o'connor and his amazing chameleon-like creative ability to tease so many different moods and styles from his violin . if you like cajun music - this is for you . if you like western swing - this is for you . if you like foot tapping fiddle with a celtic slant - then this is for you ! classical ? jazz ? blues ? country rock ? then yeah - you guessed it - this is for you ! this is an absolutely fantastic album - a brilliant collection of melodies that bring together some of today 's greatest violinists . pure genius
camera neg hi , i bought this camera and installed the driver from both the cd and then the web . it caused my computer ( a good , modern , fast computer ) to crash both times . the camera worked without interfacing with the computer , but , then , what 's the point ? also , the pictures and movies were very grainy and low quality . the tech support when i had these problems was horrible . they really did n't stand behind the product at all and to me that 's the most important thing ! maybe i could have gotten it to work , but not without some input from aiptek . i 've never written one of these reviews before , but this really got to me . do n't buy this camera is my advice .
camera pos good remote . can be finnicky at times if not lined up correctly with the camera
camera pos seems to hold a charge just as well or better then the original one that came with the camer
music neg i said i was going to be honest in all reviews , and yes , i kinda clunkered on this one . i hate this cd . simply put . they ca n't sing , and the songs are boring . i 'm sorry i bought this cd , and other people might not like me saying that , but it 's my opinion . i listen to power metal extensively and there is much better stuff out there like symphony x , nightwish or sonata artica . do n't buy this , though , you might like it . i 'd definitely listen to it first
camera pos this camera is a steal . the reviews on amazon helped me decide on this camera and sure it is worth it .
music pos just wanted to answer reviewer : " homedecaramel " and his question as to who melissa refers to from the song titled ' " melissa 's garden " . melissa was the daughter of close friends of steve vai . she passed away 5 years ago at a fairly young age due to ovarian cancer . melissa 's parents built a beautiful garden as a remembrance of her . melissa had a wonderful spirit and her spirit lives on as is apparent in steve 's beautiful tribute and in melissa 's garden .
music neg i purchased this album because i am a fan of the last poets . upon listening to the samples provided by amazon.com , i thought i was getting an album that would contain very similar content to the last poets : some great politically charged poetry , perhaps accompanied by some funky beats . however , when i listened to the whole cd , i was disappointed to find out that the vast majority of the tracks sound the most like " get out of the ghetto blues . " if more of the tracks had the sound of the title track , this would be a five-star album , in my opinion . true , scott-heron has a lot of great social commentary throughout the album , but not in the form i had hoped for . i would take the last poets ' album " this is madness " over this particular scott-heron album
music pos for any seasoned fans of the waifs ( or anyone out there with a predilection for folksy girl duets sporting brilliant guitar skills and voices to boot ) , ' shelter me ' will be no departure - -and no disapointment - - from what you 've heard before . the album weighs heavily on the waifs accoustical appeal . the majority of the songs carry themselves without backbeat or excessive instrumentation - - mostly it 's just the girls , their guitars , and the usual , typically wonderful songwriting that comes from josh cunningham , the third member of this stellar folk ensemble . the title track ' shelter me ' is a gorgeous , magnificently charged piece that will leave you reeling , " take me now where shelter be / before there 's nothing left of me . " vikki 's final track ' spotlight ' is a pure gem , emotional and raw but utterly beautiful . ' attention ' finishes the album well with that familliar waify energy and pulse , almost blue grass , almost country , but totally wonderful .
music pos these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever
music neg there is a reason why you cannot listen to any tracks on amazon - you would n't buy if you could . i read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . this band is nothing even near metallica . i have thrown the disk away - do n't bother
music neg i like to have natural sounds or some type of ' yoga style ' music while i 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . this cd just did n't fit . there are a few ok ' songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast / upbeat or there 's too much talking / chanting . i found myself distracted when i put this cd on
music pos this cd has tons of power , and soothing energy . it really shows off how well part understands the human voice
camera pos we use our batteries a lot . no problems . works as advertised .
camera neg i bought this camera because i 'm going to jamaica and i needed a camera , the video camera was a bonus . when i first tested it , it was during the night time , however in a well lit room , but i could n't see anything . i figured i could deal with that as long as it took good pictures during the day . when i stepped outside , which was very bright and sunny , all i could see on the screen was white . i tried all the settings and still encountered a white screen . the only time i actually saw anything on my screen was when i was inside during the day . i brought it back right away , thankfully i had bought it at wal-mart and they were happy to refund my money . i hope anyone reading this review will take my advice and not buy this video camera . i would have loved to give it zero stars if amazon gave that option
camera neg i got for christmas , it was easy to use but only lasted 1 day then the screen does not turn on , , , stay away from this one !
music neg sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material .
music pos the sundays come out with a cd once a decade , thus putting me in constant cravings for new material . though camera obscura is very original and very much their own band , they satisfy the cravings that only harriet wheeler could touch . truly vast and intimate at the same time , and a voice that speaks to something very deep , sad and lovely inside you
camera neg i lost my hp r607 while on vacation and needed to replace it quickly . i could n't fine another r607 ( which i really liked ) , so i purchased the hp m407. i thought it would be the next best thing to my misplaced camera...not ! ! i do n't like anything about this camera...it 's terrible ! you can take about 4 pictures with regular batteries , about 10 with rechargeable ones ( even with screen off ) . it says " auto focus " , but i do n't think it has any focus at all....not far away , not close up , nothing ! it takes a really looooooooong time to actually take the picture after you press the button . i really hate it ! keep looking...do n't buy this camera
camera neg overall , i was entirely disappointed with this camaera . the packaging and description were deceiving . there was no view finding screen , only a teeny , tiny window as in a regular camera . this was a gift for a child who would have had just as much fun with a throw away camera . i bought it because i wanted to give her a digital that had a large view finding screen . the construction would not hold up to a single drop on the ground . i would not recommend this to anyone
camera neg they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... .
music neg i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime
music pos kudos to harvey fierstein for being so true to the jean poiret play . jerry herman did a wonderful score - my favorite song was " the best of times " . gene barry turns out to be a good singer , esp paired with the talented george hearn
music neg i purchased a copy of this album after a suggestion from a friend.....a few hours later in ended up in the bin.....very dissapointing , bland and not to mention boring and derivative ( some people from new york would understand what i mean ) . in summary....not only does kylie mingogue ( i wont grace her name with capitals ) fall flat on cd....she also cannot perform live and rely 's on " gay camp it up " imagery to hide behind ( a very cheap and politically incorrect exploit ) . a very bad performer and a shameful album .
music neg this album is not very good . i am a big fan of life in general , at the show , and slowly going the way of the buffalo but this sucks . i listened to it for about 2 weeks and then it cracked my backpack on a road trip . but i did n't care , becuase it sucked . it was boring , and it had no flavor . not the mxpx i used to know
music pos while nothing in the film works very well except perhaps the chemistry between travolta and stowe , the sublime soundtrack is another story . descriptions such as " haunting " and " soul moving " are right on the money , one might also add ineffable to the list .
music neg this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving !
camera neg el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras econmicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo
music neg i have all 5 volumes and this is the only one i do n't like . the selection of music is just plain bad . there are a few songs that are ok but most are just dull , dull , dull . i recommend going with one of the first 4 volumes instead
camera pos the balance with the grip on is really much better . yes i am aware there were problems with some earlier ones , but mine seems just fine ( knocking on wood as i type )
music pos this album was released in the summer of ' 86 when queen 's radio airplay was at a rather low point in the u.s. and at a very high point in europe.by now , the band had adventured into pop genres beyond rock , yet colouring their songs with their distinctive style of interpretation and playing.here we find the gorgeous ballad one year of love and the catchy friends will be friends.the ominous anthem who wants to live forever and the highlander themed princes of the universe are gems in this crown.the first two usa singles , the rocker one vision ( from iron eagle ) and the danceable a kind of magic barely cracked the us top 40 in a decade when alternative music was preferred and classics were often overlooke
music pos i bought this cd on a whim after i heard joaquin phoenix was directing their " tired of being sorry " video . whoa ! i was addicted ! i could n't stop listening to it...i had to get a 2nd copy for the car just so i could stop carrying it back and forth . great driving music ! the songs are catchy and have a great beat...i have n't heard anything this good in a long while . i had to have more immediately and luckily found some earlier stuff of scott thomas' ....more on the acoustic / indie side , but awesome ! i highly recommend lovers & thieves ( cdbaby.com ) my faves from ringside are " struggle " , " trixie " , and " dreamboat 730 " . you will not be disappointed
camera pos i bought this camera owning 2 more digital cameras . one kodak and another canon ( a70 ) . amazing product.. . pro.. . almost everything. . cons.. . no audio on video i definetly recommend the product for the price
music neg while i like some of these songs , i cannot understand a single word he sings . i even heard him interviewed and i did n't understand a word . when he sings , he spends all the time looking down , so you ca n't even lip read . i do n't think he has stage presence and i think it will be hard to grow a fan base with a singer who ca n't form words . he does n't sing clearly and i just ca n't get into his music completely . i think i 'll stick to r&b
camera pos i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great
music neg i wo n't dispute emmylou 's wonderful voice and mark knopfler 's superb guitar playing but this album just did n't cut it for me . pretty lame , about as likely as hank and phoebe snow
music neg hey , that just goes without being said . all of their live albums suck because they suck . go creed ! i ca n't wait for scott stapp 's solo album ! awesome , baby
camera neg even though amazon specifically recommended this bag for the panasonic lumix ( dmc-fz20pp ) camera , and even though i had to return it because it was too small , and even though my camera does not appear on the compatibility list shown in another customer 's review , amazon annoyingly continues to recommend this bag for my camera . to add insult to injury , amazon tried to deduct shipping from my refund by claiming that the error was not their fault . ( it took two emails to get the full refund , and that was even after i put a large message in my return box not to deduct shipping - - aargh ! ) regarding the bag itself , construction seemed sound and this might be a good bag for a small point-and-click camera that requires no accesories
camera pos this is my first digital picture frame , so i do not have anything to compare it against . i am generally very happy with this product - it is very easy to use , and i am happy with the resolution and the picture quality . the only downside to this frame is that the instruction manual is not helpful at all , and as one other reviewer noted , i had to learn how to do things by trial and error . i also do not like that when you make changes to the layout - rotating or deleting images , it is not " saved " to the memory card and so you need to make the changes each time . however , i like this product enough to buy more of these for the grandparents this next christmas
camera neg i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems
music pos cool cd...have n't heard it in probably 15 to 20 years...it was fun to hear it again....funny though , it 's a bit different than the way i remember it
music neg good music but a bad title ! elvis has left the planet but a new king has been born with the self proclaimed new king of rock and roll ken rondell at http : / / www.cdbaby.com / cd / bigra
music pos bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music
music pos this is the best album / band noones ever heard of . this is the most underrated bands ever ( including fm static . ) and they deserve some appreciation . this cd is a great rock cd and it has a bit of seemingly hip-hop bits here and there in just about every song . almost every song on this cd rocks , so buy it
music neg most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle
music pos very rich in music , fully orchestrated and full of energy . i highly recommend this album for everyone who loves new age music and to all those who like classical music . david took it to another level on this one . i myself like new age artists that incorporate orchestra to their music and that is why i loved this album . if you like this album , i recommend you to explore yanni , secret garden , giovanni and bernward koch
music neg hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad
music pos this is one of my favorite releases from common . this chi town warrior crafted an underground release that will bring a vibrant smile to the hardcore hip hop head and even awaken the minds of some of the fake commercial rap artist lovers . songs like i used to love h.e.r and ressurection start the classic album and take you on the road to classic chicago hip hop . not only the lyrics are dope but also the beats and the hooks . this is a pivotal album that needs to be in everyone 's collectio
music pos linkin park are still together and they are making their next album , it is due out eairly next year . mike just did this for fun . look into things a little more buddy before you start saying things . oh yeah , and if you like good hip-hop , you 'll like this album . give it a shot . you dont have to be a linkin park fan to enjoy this record , since its nothing like lp . peace
camera pos the picture viewer is a fun way to carry lots of digital pictures in a small device . however , setting it up and loading it was a nightmare . i spent hours writing to tech support and ultimately on the phone to figure out how to move the pictures from my computer to the device
camera neg i 'm a diehard nikon fan . my first nikon was a gift from my father when i was 13. since then , photography has been a serious hobby , having had a few photos published and even spent time working in a photo lab while in college . having said that , and after reading several reviews about people having trouble focusing this camera , i absolutely agree with them . someone responded by saying those reviewers have n't read the manual . baloney . i bought the coolpix l1 to replace a 4 year old coolpix 850. the l1 's camera 's focus feature works fine in the daylight and works for s**t indoors , especially with the macro settings . i 've been patient and have given it three months . i am fed up . this camera is going back to amazon in the morning
music neg i received a cd , the tango cd ( the best tango album in the world ever ) was defectuous , since it plays alright until the 12th song , but then the songs starts giving weird tones . and the 2nd cd acts the same way , since my tango album is a double cd.the problem is not from the radio , since my other purchase from amazon is in good shape , as al my other cds . the music always stops playing right at the same time of the cd , the 12 th song , so its pretty much a cd problem . i dunno whats the refund policy , or customer service number , its so bad , cos this tango cd is great . i enjoyed it much , until........ . th
camera pos this camera case fits the camera perfectly and the extra battery is a must . the price of the two items together is the same as the battery alone in local electronics stores . so , i look at it as getting the case for free !
music neg sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas .
music neg boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years
music pos too bad this group supported by keith sweat did n't go any further . i bought it for one song , but the whole cd is great for listening . lyrics contain songs about love and such , and i like they way speak about it . it gives you something to look forward to .
music pos i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then
music pos i just purchased this album , my first misfits album and every song on it rocks ( i especially like where eagles dare ) . i just bought two more albums , walk among us and static age and i wish they would hurry up and get here in the mail because i cant wait . my only complain is the sound quality . it sounds like they put a dollar store tape recorder in the corner and started rocking...but i guess that makes it sound more real too . metallica covered a couple of their albums on their garage album but it just isnt the same .
camera neg i 'm giving this a 2 stars only because my daughter also had this camera on her wish list . if not i would of been upset having recieved the wrong camera that i ordered........ .
music pos i have been looking for a particular song for several years . this album had it
camera neg i bought this camera for christmas and it is absolutely horrible ! it takes really bad quality pictures and it has a very noisy lens . it 's a great looking camera but the screen is only 2 inches which is very small . this camera is not a good buy for it 's class
music pos if you like post modern lounge music , you will like the tracks on this disc .
camera pos great camera , only bad thing are the batteries die very quickly it takes great pictures and has some good features. .
camera pos got this camera because a friend had a similar one . the blue tooth feature is just great . you need a memory card to make if you want to take video 's and store a lot of photos . the video 's are not bad and pretty remarkable for a camera this size . all in all a great buy
camera neg after doing a bunch of research , i bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective sony ccd that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . the first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . after a few days of that , the camera dies completely . the second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . one camera . . . a fluke maybe . but two ? that suggests a real problem so beware .
camera pos i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures
camera neg there is currently a known issue with many of the sony camcorders . this is being called the " black screen of death " . what happens is that the camera works great for 1-2 years then the ccd goes out like a light . the camera will not take video again . sony is evasive if not downright deceitful about this issue when you call tech support . the fact is sony does not stand behind their product . if this happens to you , sony will not own the defect and you will be out hundreds of dollars . there is a lengthy thread on cnet on this issue . search for sony black screen . wishing you luck in the purchase of your ( not sony ) video camera , scot
music neg camera obscura is similar , in an inferior manner , to nico , of the velvet underground & nico . the band makes pleasantly dull " chamber pop " in the vein of belle & sebastian and all those other similar bands to emerge over the last few years . even their name is ripped off of nico 's last studio album , camera obscura . but , as i said before , camera obscura is much worse than nico . if you want to hear what music like this was meant to sound like , pick up " chelsea girl , " nico 's first solo album
camera pos very well made . once you are holding it you will feel the price was quite low for a product this solid and well designed .
camera neg i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma
camera pos i highly recommend this super wide angle lens for anyone wanting to take landscape pictures , buildings or lots of other stuff ! it is so different than the standard kit lens ( 18-55 ) . you wo n't be sorry when you start learning all the possibilities of the extraordinary lens
camera neg this cable did not fit my camera as stated . because of the cost factor , i chose not to return it . the shipping was more than the cable was worth
music pos buy it . now . stop reading . are you still reading ? ? ? ? okay , so i 'll tell you my reason why . reason ( s ) why . 5.1 sound . dts . different ( some versions better to my ears / psyche ) than the cd . flavor . beautiful production . did i mention dts - you gotta hear this in dts . and she and her band deserve and have earned every penny you could spend on her ( gratuitously inciting flaming ) . i am just hoping that she will give us the opportunity to have dvd 's covering her ' girl in the other room ' and her ' from this moment on' .
music neg i do not like parker 's style at all . i ca n't really say anything else . it is all in the way you format a song , and i just do n't like parker
music pos the music here frequently reminded me of pagan 's mind with a touch of porcupine tree and flashes of iron maiden . a fantastic mixture of 1970s progressive rock bands such as yes and kansas molded with european-style power metal and brazilian folk music . while this can be extremely interesting there are a few moments here and there that do n't quite mesh . in actuality i give the cd 4.5 stars for its superb songcraft and inspired , sometimes flawed ambition . but as an overall package , this special edition of " temple of shadows " is an excellent place for newcomers as the bonus dvd holds a concert in 5.1 surround sound that is loaded with songs from their back catalog . this is a great album filled with high quality progressive power metal and a dvd concert that gives a taste of their other albums ( not to mention it 's just plain fun to watch as the band members are clearly enjoying themselves , smiling throughout the show ) . highly recommended .
music neg it seems that other than a song or two , fall out boy forgot their guitar's . very disappointing and slow paced
music pos this is truly one of the great jazz albums of all time . surprisingly , evans ' introspective style and cannonball 's soulful approach meld together perfectly . perhaps this is testament to just how hugely talented these men are . both the technical skill and pure musicmanship displayed on this record is just amazing . i 've owned this cd for over 10 years now and still find so much to listen to in these recordings . highlights are the amazing " waltz for debby " and earl zindars ' waltz " elsa " , easily one of the most beautiful songs ever written , in my opinion . you simply cannot go wrong with this cd
camera pos because of it 's non-intrusive red lighting , and especially because of its size and brightness control , this is the perfect little light to bring out in to the field for observing . one caution ; make sure you have the lanyard securely around your wrist , especially if you 're shining the light down a tube to collimate . one slip , and it 'll be headed toward your primary
camera pos the changer performs perfectly . i was surprised that the price was so high for such a simple gadget . the only other drawback is that the cord is not as long as the original , about one foot shorter . other than that , it is fine . i gave my original changer to my daughter , whose charger died just before leaving the country
camera neg i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know
camera neg this kit is just junk . the " deluxe blower brush " is a cheap plastic blower in the tiniest size . there is a " tweezers " that is just folded aluminum sheet metal - there 's no way that is getting anywhere near my cameras . there are a few sheets of lense tissue and a few swabs to use with the cleaning solution . the " lintless cleaning cloth " is an about 3 " x 5 " piece of something akin to reusable paper towels that you 'll use about three times and then throw away . this kit is not worth buying at any price , because it 's not worth the shipping charges
camera pos like others i have compared it in a scuba diving trip to the kodak max sport and this one had a few advantages : 1. film winded at greater depth . 2. the pictures came out clearer - not grainy and with better colors . do n't expect too much of it at depths below 8 meters since light wo n't be enough ( i used it on a bright summer day in the red sea ) . even at shallower depths colors turn blue / green without use of flash . i have taken it down to depth of 35 meters and the camera was fine , but would n't take pictures at depths below 20 meters . the pictures i took at shallow depth came out excellent
music neg i really liked this when it came ut on vinyl , but in retrospect , it was the cause , not the music . b . raitt is grand , g nash with an excellant cathedral , j c young , and the highlight to me we almost lost detroit by the great gil scott-heron . but the second disc is second rate . edit the filler and it rates higher
camera neg in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate
music pos great cd for young and old alike . the music puts a smile on your face each time you listen to it . i have it on in my car and it keeps me in a good mood at all times
camera pos i gave this monopod to my boyfriend , as a gift , and it 's been perfect for his use . he videotapes his kids 's baseball and softball games , and was tired of holding the camcorder for so long . he did n't want to deal with a bulky tripod when he was getting up and down , so a monopod seemed like a great idea . he has loved it ! ! he says it keeps the camera very steady and it 's very easy to change the height so he can use it sitting or standing . he 's no professional , but he uses his camcorder a lot , and he 'll be happily using the monopod for a long time
camera neg " lens error , restart camera " message appears today ( mar 26 ) after buying production on amazon on feb 20 , 07. when i searched google for this error message saw thousands of canon users having similar error / e18 error with older and newer version of the canon . i have tried panasonic and sonys before and never had an issue . i dread that canon customer service is going to waste my hours in getting a replacement and ultimately may end up charging me over a 100 for repairs like they have done to other users ( after reading user feedback on web )
camera neg hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! !
music pos i just saw the movie and throughly enjoyed the performance by all the actors involved . kevin spacey has a velvety , smooth voice . i was surprised to learn his background is in musicals . he has a beautiful voice and in this movie , it rocks ! ! ! love the music ! i highly recommend you buying the cd and the dvd
camera pos other than the months of waiting for nikon to deliver them to amazon for shipping , the battery itself in a good deal . they work well , charge up easy and hold their charge nicely . priced well , they cost less than the same type battery than canon or sony . i bought them for a d80 and the older en-el3a would not fit . of course i had 10 of the older batteries for my d70s and was rather surprised when they did n't fit the d80. basically the same size and shape , but keyed differently . i was also surprised to find the 3e would fit in the d70s , meaning they are backward compatable .
camera pos this digital camera is awesome . i have no problem with the batteries . i made sure i put the good batteries in ( no cheap ones ) . i looked at purchasing a canon and a hp but the features it had on this one was outstanding and for the price . i purchased this camera with the 1gb card with it . i ca n't wait to start using it when i go to san diego in march.... . awesome digital camera..... . you wo n't be sorry on this purchase.. .
music pos this 1989 debut album from this texas sleaze metal outfit is chocked full of great vocals from jason mcmaster , catchy guitar riffs , and generally a collection of feel good tunes about getting drunk and having a good time.it fits quite nicely in my cd collection in the " d " column next to the dirty looks cd.i thought " scared " was the best song on here along with the opener , " teasin pleasin " and " queen of the nile " but i liked all of them.the best way to describe dangerous toys is that it has a heavy guns n roses sound with a poppier edge to it.it 's too bad they never made a good album after this one and dangerous toys would never get to this level again.if you want late 80 's hard rock / metal without the spandex and the makeup , this debut album is highly recommended.nothing fancy , just good old fashioned rock and roll
camera neg when i tried to install the software , my antivirus said it was infected . i tried to install on a different machine with a different antivirus program and got the same result . i e-mailed celestron over a week ago and no reply .
music pos released is the kind of album you put in , kick your feet up with a good beverage , and head off to someplace on the silverscreen of your mind that is pure tranquility . oster 's trumpet echoes on long after the music is off . here 's hoping there 's more from this new and amazing artist
camera neg so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there .
camera pos well , this lens does work wonderfully to expand your angle for better shots , but if you do n't have good lighting , you end up with pictures that are worthless . i suggest never using this in poor indoor lighting as the flash that comes on the dx6490 does not clear the top of the wide angle lens and therefore becomes useless . best for outdoor shots or areas where overhead and backlighting are sufficient enough to take pictures without the use of a flash . plan ahead before just attatching the lens and taking pictures . also remember that because you ca n't use the flash option , you will need to stabilize the camera better to avoid blurry shots . otherwise , this lens is excellent . it fits easily into my camera bag , is simple to attach ( with the lens converter of course ) and takes great shots without the fisheye effect . other than the inability to use my flash with the lens , i think it is great
camera pos i have no complaints . i have had this camera for over a year and a half and it has been reliable , fast , and gives me crisp , quality photos ! the only option i wish this camera had was a better stabilization mode to prevent blurred pictures , but the software edits the blur without reducing the quality . blurry pictures are not a problem as long as you know how to aim and shoot . everyone loves playing with my camera because it has many cool features to make your photos fun ! i highly recommend this camera ( especially to beginners or for those who just want a simple camera that can capture those precious moments , with high quality photos ) . excellent camera overall ! ;
music neg what a shame . c.a. was such a talented and beautiful young woman but apparently got some horrible career advice . maybe she wanted to be this way , but most likely , it was a manager , or record company trying to create a even more slutty successor to britney spears . more is not always better , and in this case , it is definitely worse . hopefully , she banked her $$ , cuz i ca n't imagine that she 'll ever recover from this debacle . that would be as likely as a porn star trying to make it in hollywood . very sad
camera pos for the price and quality i rated this lenses with 5 stars . if you really want to see how good this lens are see the photos i took in europe . i too around 5000 photos . i posted a few on the web ( see link below ) . for the price i recommend this lens as walk around lens . the zoom is pretty usefull they are very realiable and ( almost ) very sharp . get this lens instead of the kit lens ( 18-55 mm ) until you are ready to spend more . here are some of my pictures taken in europe with this lens ( images have been compressed ) : http : / / www.laplazita.net / europa /
camera neg it fits in the s1 , but it does n't always charge - - the contacts arent the same size as the oem version . when it does n't charge i just re-insert the batter and it works , but its sort of a bummer
music neg i saw the movie and liked the songs in it . i ordered the soundtrack from the movie , but it was not the soundtrack . they have a dubbed another person in on ike 's part . all the songs from the movie were not on the soundtrack and some other of tina 's were included . i feel that if it is going to be advertised as a soundtrack then it should be a true soundtrack . i was disappointed .
music neg this album is so boring in most places . i do n't know where keith sweat 's head was at . it does n't keep your attention on the second half . keep it comin ' was okay , but the other songs keith produced as well as joe public were lousy . he was smart to include there you go from new jack city , but the songs before and after it are so bland , it seemed like the formula that worked for keith sweat 's first two albums did n't work here . i fell to sleep while hearing the album 's second half- -how can anyone create such dull songs on here ? sweat 's trademark whining just does not blend with these songs . if he had wanted to , he would have given these songs to usher instead of singing them himself- -they 'd be better under him ( usher ) . but i warn you , do n't get this album- -it 's going to let you down
camera pos case is pretty much what you see...i have no complaints . = ) the case protects my camera very well
camera pos for the money , you absolutely ca n't beat this lens . it 's very fast and sharp . not fast to focus , but what do you expect at $70 ? i have four lenses , some costing 4x 's as much as this one...yet i use this one the most . anyone looking to step up from the kit lens , or anyone looking to buy a camera body w / out the kits lens should look to buy this lens
music neg made another bull**** album . honestly i did n't hear this whole album . about 5 years ago i was ridin wit one of my boys and he played this cd . oh my god for the first time in my life i wished i was deaf . i see the reason why her albums sell though . cause its her looks and nothin else . she 's not ugly at all to me . she just ca n't sing . but she can livin up a crowd . i 'm just waitin to see her and 50 cent doin a song together , two of the worst people in music , millionaires . go figure
camera pos holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more .
camera pos good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways .
music neg but for " the drugs do n't work , " which is marginal at best , this album is boring...cookie-cutter , nothing original
music neg bits of beatles , zappa , queen , ( herman 's hermits ? ) , may be laudable in intent but reveals the crucial difference between an original musical mind and a talented imitator . elfman 's themes are good but his songs have some of the same faults as your normal musical pieces , they have fairly banal , repetitive lyrics and are cut and paste music . has the creepy competence of a dave grusin album . if you like that you 'll be ok here
music neg i am a huge fan of elvis costello and ran to the shop as soon as i read the great reviews of this album , what a mistake ! ! ! very few of the arrangements offer an improvement over the original version . the cardboard cut salsa montuno of ' clubland ' sounds as classy and natural as a plastic flamingo and the wonderful ska sound of ' watching the detectives ' is lost in a jazz arrangement that does n't offer much to the melody . elvis ' voice is not suited the long sustained notes of ' almost blue ' and most of the songs . it worked well on his ' juliet letters ' album because the brodsky quartet played for his style but with the clean and crisp sound of the metropole orkest it is just painful . for me , ' hora decubitus ' is the only song worth listening from this musical jumble
camera neg i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least .
music pos a true musical genius . take a blow get a zyr voduski and snapple lemonade and let the music cover you up . powerplus from the 70 's and 80's . tight lyrics and pop masterpiece arangements . go todd go
camera pos easy to learn , takes very good photos in well-lighted areas but you do need to use the flash for dimmer environments - its low-light capabilities are n't that great . very fast readiness time from the moment you switch on the camera - a bit slow to recharge from a flash , though , and there 's a bit of a lag when you press the shutter button to when the photo is actually taken ( not so great for fast action shots , even though it touts a " sports " mode ) . it 's a good beginner 's camera , a good pocket-style camera , but certainly not to be mistaken for a high-end unit .
camera neg the camera case only works if you wear a belt- - there is no clip on . the case itself holds only the camera , not even space for a spare battery or memory card . ( i 've heard the case will darken your camera , but i did n't end up using the case ) . the neck strap is not useful , it 's too long . at ' 34 inches , if you 're not careful you could swing your camera into something and break it . ( the canon camera rocks , however .
music neg hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better
camera pos this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that
music pos the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic !
music neg rhymefest is an ok rapper and the first two joints are bumping . man , i thought i was in for a classic hip hop album , it was like the lakers were ahead by 30 points then all of a sudden the other team caught up and eventually won the game because after that it was just wack track after wack track . i admire his thought provoking lyrics but if the beat ai n't hittin i could care less what you 're rapping about . rhymefest used so many r&b singers i thought i was listening to some old new edition or after 7 joints not that i do n't like those singers but i do n't want to hear that on no hip hop album . if you want to hear some real chicago hip hop check out all natural the best besides common to ever come from the city of wind
camera pos unlike many reviewers i am not diver . i bought this to for the peace of mind that my camera would n't get ruined taking pictures of my son at the water park , pool , and beach . this equipment exceeded my expectations with always clear photo and underwater flash . this case has out lived an s400 and s500. well worth the $170 price tag
camera neg the leather case has a magnetc latch , the magnetic force is strong enough for an sd card to stick onto it . i have not lost any images yet and the camera has not gone haywire , but i decided not to chance it . i am surprised that canon cautions against placing the camera in strong magnetic fields in their user guide yet produce an accesory with this feature ! although constructed of fine leather , the case is also very bulky , making the tiny slim elph twice as thick and too big to fit into a pocket or purse . the neck strap is ok , it looks metallic but is wrapped inside a clear plastic tubing , making it look quite cheap and stiff , again increasing the bulk of the camera . the battery works fine , but the two other accessories are not worth the extra money
music neg garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator .
camera neg i bought two one time , but there was no vedio on lcd as opened for both ! they could not recorded vedio but audio only . it seemed that they had n't ccd at all ! i had to mail them back to repare just the day i got them , and the jvc even would not cover the charge
music pos gene watson 's music was introduced to me by a friend who played drums for sonny james , ernest tubb , and dottie west . i had never heard of him but then when i heard his voice on the cd i knew the songs . it 's amazing to me how a person with such a great voice has never received the attention that he should . every song is great but the one which i really like is " the old man and his horn " . this was a song i had never heard . it also shows the versatility of gene 's song selections . he has the best voice of any country singer i have ever heard
music pos this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a
camera pos i 've been using 35mm slr cameras for over 30 years . for the last 9 or 10 years i have gone through several under $400 digital cameras as the technology has improved . this kodak z710 is a very economical compromise . the built-in 10x optical zoom is a great feature . the z710 does not have image stabilization ( is ) as do some of the more expensive models but if you have a moderately steady hand and you press the shutter button rather than pound it ( and the whole camera ! ) that 's not really a problem . another feature of this camera that i really appreciate is the manual settings position which allows much more creative control of a shot . check out the kodak web site for more information on this . i bought this camera from an amazon dealer for less than $200 shipped to me . that 's cheaper than a reconditioned unit ( same model ! ) recently sold on ebay
music pos del the funky homosapien has been my favorite mc for years , and this album does n't dissapoint . the dvd is raw , and packs in lots of live footage , interviews , and is well produced . if you are a fan of del , you know you have to pick this up .
camera neg not worth the money spent on it . after reviewing info on my new digital camera i followed suggestions to get the rechargeable batteries kit to save money on aa batteries . i did not need the camera case that came with this kit , and it really had too many pockets for my liking . the batteries did not hold a charge . i only got a few pictures taken before they went dead . if the spare set sat in the camera for a few days they too were dead . at least i got a full set of pictures taken on the duracell ones . i would much rather buy batteries and have them on hand then always be running back to the charger after a few shots . i have had no experience with rechargables before so i do not know if this is common . but i returned this item as a defect because for this amount of money you should get more then six pictures per charge
camera pos this is a must have item for your kodak dig . camera . it allows for filters , tele / wide aux lenses or any 55mm screw on attachment . apart from that the black metal enclosure compleatly covers the entire lens assemby , at any zoom or focal length . this adds a very strong and valuable protection to your lens . if you accidentally bang the camera against a hard surface this adapter may very likely save your lens ( camera ) from destruction . i always keep it on with a skylight filter , the skylight or a uv filter further protects the lens from impact , scratches and dust . if used when the lens is not fully extended ex : wide angle to normal zoom , the adpter also helps block out stray light and acts as a light shade . kodak aught to have this built into their camera as a permanent fixture , but alas they make extra revenue on their accessories . do buy it !
camera pos this camera does all that canon says it does . fantastic pictures . great flexibility for manual control or simple point-and-shoot use . i did a lot of research before buying , and i could not be happier with the canon g6
camera neg they say 100% compatible but is not , because is not an info ion-litio , so is not a eqivalent battery , dos n't work . do n't expend your money on this stupid batter
music neg rob touches on so much with this cd . my favorite song is one that has n't got any airplay and , in my opinion , the public missed out a great hit ! " streetcorner symphony " is about people coming together . it 's what i call my happy song . each day as i go to work i play the song as loud as i can get it ! we , my daughters and i , saw him live and he also called it a happy song ! i ca n't wait for his live albulm to come out ! there are fast and slow songs on this cd and will be worth every penny you spend to buy it ! incredible voice and songwritting
camera neg bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! !
music pos at first i did n't think there was enough new material on this soundtrack to make it worthwhile , but the four previously unreleased songs are so completley wonderful , especially " all i want to know " and " heather " . this is an essential for any stephin merritt fan
camera neg the bag is suppose to hold two cameras , i have a rebel and two lens and cant fit them in with lens filters and extra batteries . i recomend you buy a bigger bag it does not meet the billing here . might be good for a couple of point and shoot cameras but not sl
music neg not what i expected . it was n't as ' manly ' as i had hoped
camera pos excellent case , no question about it . it is stylish and well-put together . this can not be worn on a belt , though , it must go in a pocket , purse , or in your hand . the main thing is that it keeps the awesome camera safe and sound , and it looks good doing it .
camera pos after researching several cameras in this price range , i bought the rebel t2 last month . it has met my expectations and perhaps then some . after recently trying out a friends camera in the 150.-ish range , i partially regret spending what i did . it all comes down to what you need , want , and how many bells and whistles you like . for the money though , compared to the competitors , i still think i made a good purchase . after all , if i use it for ten years , which i most likely will , i will have surely got my moneys worth . bottom line : no complaints with it
camera pos the d300 is easy to use it takes great video outside , and is very good in low light . it also takes very good pictures , and the battery last a long time . i would buy it again
music neg do not buy this cd . he is definitely wack . his silly rhyme style and dull voice sounds lethargic over uninspired beats . as a member of " children of the corn " he was weak and he still is weak . the other member of his dip-set crew outshine him on his own cd...how lame is that . through away any cam'ron cd 's you own and immediately replace them with music by jay-z .
camera neg on reciept of the tripod , i found it wrapped and packed ( on the outside ) in a manner that should have insured an undammaged product . when i opened the box , i found a tripod that looked like it had been run over by a fork lift and then thrown into the box . there was minimal packing around the tripod itself , mostly just nylon bags to prevent scratching , and nothing to keep the unit from being tossed around . i have to wonder about the quality control prior to shipping . also , if you are not familure with how to assemble and work this type of tripod you will be better served with a different model or company , instructions are not part of their package
music neg i bought this cd after having seen ken burns ' special on pbs . the energy that came through on screen in the benny goodman segments does n't really come through in this cd . artie shaw said that benny goodman was too much of a perfectionist to take risks and so his music languished in predictability . that shows in this collection . afterall , where would jazz be if jazz musicians did n't take risks
camera neg i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying " cheese " . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $200 purchase i 've made
music neg i ca n't believe i just spent over an hour of my life listening to ten ( ten ! ! ) different mixes of this not too remarkable dance hit . by the third version , my brain turned to jelly . by the fifth , i needed a drink . by the final re-mixed version , my hangover already started to set in . this e.p. is for dj 's and masochists only . - tom rya
music pos this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s
camera neg my kids can see better through a toilet paper roll than this " telescope . " meaning , you ca n't see a freaking thing through it . do n't waste your money
music pos this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent
music neg i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan .
camera neg the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself
camera neg please be aware of this camera 's shock sensitivity i was pretty happy with this all-in-one compact camera until it had to be repaired for the second time . it 's sensitivity to vibration or a slight bump while the lens is out is way too sensitive for the real world . the result is it loses it 's ability to focus and zoom . it did n't help that it commonly powered on while in a pocket , with the lens protruding , thereby causing unintentional harm to the lens assembly . the first time it happened casio repaired it under warranty . the second time it was outside of warranty and the repair center wanted $137 to repair it - that 's more than 1 / 3 the original purchase price . i wo n't reinvest in a weak product . i 'd rather put that money into a new camera altogether
camera pos i purchased this prior to the birth of my son , and it 's doing the job perfectly . i do n't have a 2.4ghz phone at home so i ca n't say how it would 've affected its performance , but video and sound are very clear at a remote location . i 'm happy with the product and highly recommend it
music pos i love jazzy hip-hop of the early ' 90s and if you do too , this is the album you must listen to ! all the songs are wonderful but there are some of these which are something of supernatural like the famous ( and the most beautiful of the entire cd ! ) " award tour " , " steve birko ( stir it up ) " and " midnight " . enjoy this pearl of real hip-hop ! ! !
music pos this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest
music pos this is a very well done record by 3 of raps most elite personalities . cube , dub , & mack definitely knew what they were doin when they made this record . the beats are amazing on all the tracks . this is one you can listen to straight through and not feel any need to hit the skip button . for me all these songs were hot from the first time i heard them . if you 're a fan of the whole west coast gangsta rap thing , you gotta have this ! my fav tracks are " all the critics in new york " , " do you like criminals " , " gangsta 's make the world go round " , " westward ho ! " , & " hoo bangin ' " ...although like i said , all the tracks are badass . peac
camera neg im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us
music neg i want this guy to succeed so badly , yet he just could n't pull it off . his voice has a great sound to it , pleasant to the ears , yet his interpretation was just not there . his phrasing was very lazy and boring most times . it seemed like he did n't know where to start the next word . and he also sounded out of breath . he sounded so out of breath that i started gasping for air...i had to stop listening . to add to that , john 's vibrato sounded washed out and faded in places where it needed to be stronger . i truly hope with age and experience he improves . there 's no reason why he should not . he 's not in the catagory of a buble ' or connick jr. yet .
music neg i 've been down for monica since the beginning ; but now i am finished , i love monica 's voice , but whats up with all these singers wanting to be rappers...wtf ! ! ! i want the soulfoul monica from the first cd , " sideline ho " are you serious ! ! ! again wtf ! ! could someone please come out with a soulful mature cd , cause this one aint even close .
camera neg i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped
music neg do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace
camera neg this camera has major problems . do your research . go to any digital camera forums and you will see tons of post of the " black screen " . after using our camera about 5 times the screen became black . apparently had to do with defective lens housing or something . sent it to their customer care service . took 1 month to get back . 3 days later black screen is back . sanyo is doing everything they can to prevent me from getting money back or get new camera . they just want me to keep sending to customer . care . sanyo has a very defective product and they do not want to admit their mistake and replace the defective cameras . see for yourself . go to the forums and see what others have been saying . do n't make the mistake i did
camera neg this is the worst camcorder i 've ever owned.the picture quality is the worst.i ca n't get a clear picture unless i focus at one distance.if i move a little , or something moves in the picture it goes out of focus.i have n't got one decent video with this piece of garbage yet . i recommend panasonic , it was the last camera i owned and every picture was crystal clear.it 's my fault i did n't do my research before i bought this
music neg will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
camera pos i bought this item to be used with my sony hdr-hc3 camcorder in combination the fig rig . it works as advertised . i do wish the clamp portion of the item was removeable , but it can be worked around . i found the remote to be very responsive , as you would expect from sony . and the price was a bargin .
music pos i bought this for my kids because i knew they would love these songs just as i did . forget them ! i love it ! there is nothing like the chipmunks and never will be again . the christmas song is worth the price alone . do n't think about it . just get it
camera pos i purchased this camera brand new for a fraction of the price of my first digital camera . this is my second point and shoot digital camera since i have abandoned film . it is a very solid and durable and it takes beautiful pictures . it has almost no shutter lag time and the battery has never run out on me . i have used it on an entire week long vacation without re-charging it . kodak keeps making these cameras better and more reliable for less
camera pos pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile
camera neg i bought this camera based on an older 3mp version a friend of mine has that i liked . the older model is far superior . this camera is slow to focus , slow to shoot , and slow to save . i took 5 pictures in a row of the same thing in the same lighting condition ( indoor , medium light ) on the automatic setting , all 5 pictures turned out different , only one turned out clear . i returned it the next day and bought a cannon that i am very happy with
music pos i first encountered bird3 opening for veruca salt the summer of 2001. that band had put their faith into bird and so have i . we fell in love with them all together . this band has successfully combined infectious pop hooks with soul-baring lyrics to create something unique , beautiful , and far from most of the trite pop or rock music you hear on the radio today . you 'll find yourself not only humming along , but holding this music close to your heart at your most intimate moments . you will not once regret buying this piece of art
music neg the songs are boring , the lyrics are plain . i am so dissapointed . i bought it without listening to it first thinking i would at least find one song . how wrong was i to find out that not even one track speaks to me . andrea 's solo album sucked . now this ! i think their creative days are over and if i see them in concert again , i hope i am not tortured with the music from this new album . instead i hope they play the oldies but goodies that characterize them as the band i love so muc
music neg i was babysitting , and the kid was listening to the cd , and asked why billie joe sounded so sick . x
camera pos well , i 've had my rebel xti for about 6weeks now , and all i can say is wow ! ! ! i did have the rebel xt , which was an awesome camera . i 'm not a professional , but i do take pictures of what ever it may be outside or inside , youth or adult events as a hobby . this camera is not for the person who wants to just point and shoot or to have a camera to stuff in your pocket . this camera is for the creative person who wants control of the pictures they are taking . the sensor cleaner and wide lcd are just a few of the wonderful advances from the xt to the xti . the camera for me is easy to use and takes great pictures in auto mode or in my mode . i hope this helps you in your decision whether to buy or not .
music pos like i said i would , i finally got around to purchasing this cd . i especially like tracks 9-12. cheap trick is solid as always . i have been a long time fan and enjoy all their releases . if i do have any criticism at all , it is the fact that some songs sound like recycled trick riffs . i guess it 's hard to create new stuff after 30+ years . anyway , there are some great tunes on this . buy it like i did !
camera pos the compact power adapter for camcorder that we had ordered was in excellent condition and as described . thank
music pos rare are the electronic albums that are so consistantly inspired . melodies are beautifully simple and soothing , sounds are particularly well crafted . a great album . the drum box could be a bit more discreet though
music neg after carefully researching as many rain recordings as possible on amazon and reading all reviews i had hoped i had made a good choice with this cd . unfortunately i discovered that not only is the recording looped about every 60 seconds but there is an unmistakable low frequency rumble that is very apparent listening though my 5.1 system and my bose tri-port headphones . as a recording engineer i recognize this to most likely be a truck or car passing by and passing the sound up through the microphone stands that were obviously not de-coupled from the ground . the bottom line is i hear this rumble each and everytime i start to relax and it renders the cd completely useless to me . the recording is otherwise a good one and the stereo image presented seems authentic . since nobody else has complained of this rumble , i will assume that it will only bother someone with a trained ear
camera neg these are not pioneer boxes . these are mbi boxes . i bought them and was very disappointed since i also have bought pioneer boxes before , and when i compared with the mbi , the latter one is much less sturdy and even the index cards are flimpsy compared with the pioneer's . do not buy these . also , adorama 's customer service is very unfriendly in regard to making their customers satisfied . they insist that they are the same , that i need to return them on my cost , because of their mistake . they flew from one reason to another with blame from that they have never carried pioneer products , to amazon 's mistake in naming them pioneer . but then their own website also has named them pioneer . anyway , just reconsider about buying any products from this company . it 's not worth it , considering the shipping is outrageously high . it is my honest opinion .
camera neg i purchased this camera for my 13-yr old daughter as her first digital camera . it was a christmas present so i am highly dissapointed that 3 months after purchase , the flash stopped working . the picture quality was good but it hardly makes up for the fact that she can no longer take photo 's indoors or in low light . i would not recommend this camera .
music pos when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love
music neg this is the cheesiest music ever . phil collins , glenn frey , chaka khan ? are you kidding me ? these were the worst artists of the 80's . where 's u2 , rem , the pixies , x , the pretenders , tom petty , prince , springsteen , the replacements , husker du ? does anyone like rock and roll ? phil collins writes songs for disney and pixar now ! what did glenn frey know about ' smugglers blues ' ? do you think he was writing from the experience or from the heart ? these are the worst artists , songwriters and performers of the 80's . enjoy the nostalgia , but the art which is song is seriously missing on this cd .
camera pos i purchased this camera a year ago ( summer 05 ) . definitely a great upgrade over the original rebel , although the new xti has a larger screen which is the one aspect of this camera that is not perfect . there are other sites that will perform more comprehensive reviews of this camera , but after a year mine is still working perfectly
camera pos i have had mine for over a year , i *love* this camera ! it is so easy to use , takes great pictures , is very easy to use and program etc.. . i love everything about this camera . ps : unlike the other poster , i have not had any battery problems at all
music pos the more i listen to this album , the more i love it . what 's sounds somewhat familiar even formulaic at first becomes totally captivating on further listening . like a girl you thought was nothing special at first glance but then becomes beautiful as you get to know the complete package . this is one cooooool cd .
camera pos i spent alot of time evaluating this product . finally after reading the reviews i dug deep and spent the extra dollars to get this lense . it has been a wounderful addition to my canon reble . it is a very high quality product that is easy to use and delivers beautiful shot every time .
camera neg description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger
camera neg what a pile of junk . three full seconds pass between pushing the shutter button and when the camera actually takes the picture . if you move at all during that three seconds , the picture is a blurred mess . even if you do n't move , the pictures turn out blurry and dark . and if you use the flash , you get a lovely white picture of nothing . i ca n't believe they sell this thing .
camera neg after three weeks the batteries fails . i buy a knew one in walmart , and less expensive
music neg wow guys.. . how many of you are on crack ? ive given this album 2 whole listens an it still sucks ass . besides if i should have to listen to something more than a few times to know its hot then its wack . cause if you listen to anything enough you will like it . it 's human nature.. . keith , ummm.. . excuse me " dr. octagon " is a retard , mentalcase , and has no lyrical ability . half of you people like this just cause its so different . what he says makes no sence , and has no meaning . that which he does say that does make sence is nasty , and weak . his flow is awefull . his delivery is awefulll . automator does a good job on the boards making nice beats , but keiths lame ass f***s up good beats.. . feel free to click that you dont agree with this kool keith d***riders . :
music neg i had never heard leonard cohen 's music but saw references to it frequently when looking at other singers / songwriters . given his status / reputation i thought i should get this cd and learn what all the fuss was about . having had no preconceptions , i have to say i was quite disappointed . i think the music has not aged well and is pretty unremarkable . perhaps the style liberated others to pursue new directions but the work in and of itself is ho hum at best . specific example that speaks volumes : listen to cohen 's singing of his " hallelujah " and then listen to jeff buckley 's cover of that song on " grace " which was recorded in 1994. sorry , leonard , you cannot hold even a birthday-sized candle to jeff buckley 's rendition of your own song . it is a very unflattering comparison that pretty much put the first and last nail in the coffin for my appreciation of cohen 's legacy . " tant pis , vers le bonheur .
music neg i 'm not exactly sure how to classify this , nor do i think it really deserves the time . how this album has garnered so many positive reviews is beyond me . my only guess is that some tired , pretentious teen on myspace raved over it and voila , the clique was born . now , i really wanted to like this and gave it numerous listens . but each time , it sounds more and more like these guys were just doing some busy work around the house , started humming some melodies and then recorded them . immature and pretty much unoriginal . and just because an album is labeled " concept " does n't automatically qualify it as a masterpiece . if you want a flawless concept album that actually has an interesting story just go and buy " the wall " . unless your circle of friends has threatened to emascualte you for not owning this , do n't bother with this bloat .
music pos if you enjoyed explosions in the sky 's last album " the earth is not a cold dead place " , and the songs by the group on the " friday night lights soundtrack " , then surely , you shall find love for their newest record " all of a sudden i miss everyone " . if you are new to explosions in the sky , i can only personally describe their music to you as lush , captivating , graceful , energetic , and highly inspirational art rock instrumentations . please ignore reviewers who rate this album negatively because they do n't like it as much as their last album ( yet ) . " all of a sudden i miss everyone " is different than previous records ; it is alot darker , but at the same time hopeful and promising , best listened to on a rainy day or a cold dark night ( again , personal description ) . what more can i say.. . this is about as beautiful as three guitars and a drum set can sound . my favorite album of 2007 so far .
camera pos i bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her . it 's quite easy if you 're already computer literate , and the controls are very user friendly as well . the software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic , but for someone like my mother-in-law , it works well . wish i had a docking station for my nikon .
camera neg they tell you tha this product holds 6aa batteries , and works with the 20d 's battery grip , but when i received the item it is for a completely different product and does not work with the 20d 's bg-e2 grip . it has the product name of cpm-e3 , just as stated...but it accepts 8 aaa batteries and does n't even come close to working with the bg-e2.
camera pos the black of this is the same as on my camera , and with all the parts together , this is one professional looking set up ! i am not sure if this hood cuts down on glare / reflection , as i have not used it on a sunny day , but i do n't see why it shouldn't . and as cheap as this little product is , it is pretty much a must have with this camera ! ( s3 is ) one last side note , should you alreay own a extra lens or two . and they happen to be metal , be very carful about screwing them into this plastic adaptor ! i made that mistake and had to put the whole thing in the fridge for an hour , so the metal would shrink , and i could get the pieces apart
music pos some of the catchiest melodies and harmonies ever from curt . lots of cool instrumentation . pete anderson did a great job with the production . this has n't left my cd player since i got it 4 days ago
camera pos i gave this camera 5 stars because of it 's awesome features . this camera is the perfect size for kids and you can put a video on this camera . i love this camera . i think it takes awesome pictures
music pos rap music today is a tragic lack of creativity . its not real hip hop . this album , brings back the good feeling that is real hip hop . honestly , the light is a song that never gets old , thats real . if you do n't have this album , get it .
music pos i 've been a robben ford fan since 1979. each time he offers a new recording , i try to purchase it as quickly as possible . robben can rock and play slow blues . every cut on this cd is worth listening to over and over again . i ca n't say enough ! robben is one of the least known and treasured guitartists of our generation ! if you like robben ford , do n't miss chris cain . this man is also a guitar genius
camera pos when i had seen this camera on net , i had anticipated to be quite big but this one is really small & handy.. . except for the lcd panel which is cumbersome to open always , its a great camera.. . the zoom is amazing and so is the image stabilization to go with it.. .
camera pos was pleased to receive the kodak schneider-kreuznach xenar 1.4x 55mm telephoto lens and at a huge discount compared to other merchants . i do freelance photography and purchased this lens to use with the kodak p712. the kodak p712 is a great camera and takes excellent pictures . by adding the kodak schneider-kreuznach xenar 1.4x 55mm telephoto lens to the p712 , it makes already great pictures even better , and what clarity . i recommend this product to everyone !
music pos bireli is not only one of the best living guitar players in gypsy jazz - he is also one of the most creative . on this album , he gives us a new take on django 's music that is simply stunning . " move " has a smaller , more focused sound that it 's predecessors , and the addition of the saxophone brings a really fresh twist to this great old music . bireli is one of the hottest jazzmen around - this disc is all the evidence you 'll need to draw the same conclusion . bravo !
camera pos good basic set of inexpensive filters . nice case . great for a beginner / starting set . if you 're willing to spend more money on filters , getting b+w or hoya will suit you better .
camera pos i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it
camera neg looks nice . unfortunately did not power up the camera , so i ca n't say much else . going to cost me return shipping at the very least . sorry i did n't buy the canon product instead
music neg here 's a line from the song vato on this album : " i would n't be the n_____ that i am if i did n't pop n____z in the mouth . " is n't that poetic ? snoop dogg manages to pull off an amazing feat . he makes sex , drugs and violence seem so ... boring . i feel like i am supposed to be offended . but it 's too boring to be offensive . we have songs about every kind of gang violence , every kind of drug , and every kind of cheap sex . and what are we left with ? he gets two stars because his approach to the city of los angeles is fresh and loving . hip hop should be local , and he does a good job with that . otherwise it 'd be a one-star
music neg this album is waaay too deep and self-indulgent for my taste . being a huge alan parsons fan , it pains me to have to say this , but this was almost a total waste of vinyl , energy and money
music pos his playing on this album reminds me of that of bill evans . i am glad to see on reading all the reviews that someone else had that exact thought . comparison to bill evans is the best compliment i know how to give
camera pos the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter
music pos guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gonna love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits
music pos saw this fella in ' you see me laughin ' on ifc . good straight ahead delta style blues . this is the real deal
camera neg the eye piece that comes with the scpe is practicaly unuseable . but of course you can ' buy ' the eye piece that really works separately from the manufacturer . the whole thing was a waste of time...i gave it to my five year old to trash . at least he will have some fun with it that way....it 's realy just a childs toy .
camera neg the power cord that accompanies this charger is bulkier than the charger itself . you would n't get that from the picture . too bad , other manufacturers have learned to incorpaorate the plugging mechanism directly into the charger .
music neg sorry to say i 'm not a huge fan of tanghetto even after seening them play live at la viruta last month . few of the tracks are just undanceable and the music gets pretty boring after a while . i say if you want neuvo tango try narcotango or otro aires .
camera pos he adquirido este flash para completar mi cmara evolt e-500 y considero que es la combinacin perfecta . se requieren de conocimientos adicionales de iluminacin y fotografa para obtener las mayores prestaciones que ofrecen ambos equipos . altamente recomendado
music neg i expected more african vocals in it. . thats the main reason i brought the cd , i recently became a fan of that kind of music. . it had like 3 songs on there that i liked , besides that this album is garbag
camera neg i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera
music pos i loved this album . strangely enough i was introduced to the title song by gray 's anatomy where i just had to find out who was singing that lead ( alice russell ) . the rest of the album is like the r& b music i grew up with . definitely worth a listen
music pos i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's " tragedy " is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of " come softly to me " . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 " goodnight my love " album .
music pos this is a wonderful album , that evokes memories of the 60 's folk boom , yet contains original songs . i was amazed at the fantastic harmonies and musical arrangements . anyone who loves the movie " a mighty wind " and who loves folk music will fall in love with this album . i know i did
camera pos i am really enthusiastic about this lens because it is an excellent accessory for my camera at a very convenient price . i add it and use it for landscapes , mountain views , nature images and such , and also for group pictures in family photos . it does what is supposed to do : it increases the field of view while keeping the whole image very clear , and in this way the pictures appear more natural - - a whole view and not a narrow frame - - with perspective and deepness also , quite similar it seems to me to what i see with my own eyes . a very useful additional tool
camera neg when i received the camera i thought of giving it a 5 star because the good looking and nice picture . after 6 months use , i wish i could give it a 0 star . it 's true it looks good but it 's very hard to hold the camera . it droped twice when i took pictures . also the lens is too small . the dirt is very easy to get onto the lens and very hard to clean b / c it 's small . thanks the dirty lens , the picture quality is worse than ever . the battery is very small too . after 6 months use , it can not hold enought power to shoot 10 pictures ! they have to put the buttons here and there to fit the small space . it 's not a user friendly camera .
music pos despite the excellent screenplay by sam shepherd and the solid acting by harry dean stanton , i found " paris , texas " a rather unimpressive film , and the only thing that kept it together for me was cooder 's astounding soundtrack . the music here is simple , yet very moving and even haunting . his guitar stylings really captured the mood and feel that the film was otherwise supposed to convey . it seems to seep right out of the desolate landscape of the southwest . every time i listen to this cd it reminds me of driving along some deserted highway in nevada , se california , etc. also , it 's really nice that the soundtrack contains the story ( " i knew these people " ) told by stanton 's character , since to me that was the best part of the movie . even so , seeing " paris , texas " is not a prerequisite for enjoying this cd , the music is phenomenal in its own right
music pos sidney bechet was one of the first real fathers of jazz . burns puts together a great combination of early recordings . jazz historions note bechet as one of the only horn players that could keep up with louis armstrong . you have to include bechet in your jazz collection , and this one is as good as any
music pos i 'm a spanish fan of soul music of the 90's . these days is almost impossible to find a good soul / r&b cd to purchase . in the 90 's i had to buy about 2 or 3 cds per week . now , with all the rap & hip hop topping the charts , what kind of music could i purchase ? luther , anita , lalah , smooth jazz & maybe , some joe 's cd . and of course , this terrific cd by mr.benson . if you 're a fan of good r&b music and you hate the hip hop music , buy this cd now ! ! ! ! you wo n't regret !
music pos this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an " electric miles " sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended
camera neg thought i 'd died and gone to heaven ; this lens was everything i wanted and more . three weeks after receiving it we went to the grand canyon , and on the way home it suddenly quit doing the focus - now it does a focus dance , clunking and whirring and never coming to rest anywhere close to focus . it 's not my d70 , which still works wth other lenses . this one 's going back to it 's maker ! if they fix it , i 'll revise this review
music pos this disc dates from monk 's early period before he achieved recognition and started to descend into a long series of formulaic recordings for columbia . so it 's valuable from that point of view . it 's also a wonderful chance to hear him showcased without horns although the standard is perhaps not quite as high as the trio blue note recordings that immediately preceded it . the best tracks both from a musical and recording quality view point are an extended blue monk , which many consider the definitive version , and a lovely unaccompanied just a gigolo , which anticipates later solo masterpieces such as alone in san francisco . sweet and lovely is in a similarly reflective vein . much of the rest of the album has a forceful , driving quality , with aggressive use of dissonance in places - even for monk . a particular highlight is monk tearing through these foolish things
camera pos bought this remote about a month ago . it does what it says . you can even use it from behind . great little device for the price
camera pos do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment
music pos this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job !
music pos my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis
camera pos bought these binoculars for my husband . he loves them . they are very powerful and he loves the way they feel - not too heavy . he can look at stuff across the creek and is amazed at the clarity in the things that he sees
music neg right the people i work with love this band and album so really i was pressured into buying this album..so i bought and i thought i was going to be blown away due to the hype from my friends but in reality this sucks more than the mudvayne album i 've just reviewed terrible distorted guitars bad production off key singing , half baked lyrics the only good thing is the cover and maybe one of the singles are vaguely average apart from that the rest sucks...do n't be fooled by the hype by the press this band sucks so will babyshamble
camera pos i have used this lens for over 6 months now and have over 1k shots through it . it is as fantastic as others note herein . the 2.8 through the focus range is really great . superb . the vr function is really a neat trick . it is super fun to play with . the drawbacks are size and weight . after a 1 / 2 hour of shooting , your arms will get tired . remember to be careful and hold the lens and not the camera . this lens is definately heavy enough to bend / warp the camera body
camera neg after a week the cammera did not work . the shop has a return police , but they did not send a ra number needed to return the item . they asked me an adress in the usa , and whwn i sent it they did nor answered . in my country , argentina , the local distributor said the garantee is not valid for them
camera pos this is a fabulous gift for grandparents if you preload the pictures . just be aware that the customer support folks are not that knowledgeable , probably since the product is new . do n't bypass their software to load the pix if you 're transferring from your pc to the frame - their software reduces the memory needed for each one . and even though the software for different size frames is labelled the same , it is not compatible and you can only have one version installed on your pc at a time
camera neg i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
music neg thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc
camera neg my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [...
camera pos 2 years of heavy use - not even one little bitty problem . they 've traveled well under harsh conditions , and they still function wonderfully . there you go
camera pos i have had this camera for about six months and i still find new features to play with . one of my favorite mode is the sequence shots . i love its sleek design and its durable shell . i carry the camera in my back pocket , even in my tightest jeans . this is a great camera
camera pos i bought a canon powershot a70. they say your best camera is the one you use most , and man i use it . i 'm a high schooler , so i dont have much money , but with the a70 , i can attach this adapter ( la-dc52c ) to my camera , and i can have more photographic freedom with lenses , for alot less money . you have to have this adapter first . then any lense which fits ( most ) , can be used.. . good idea canon ! ! !
camera neg i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix .
music pos if you are a fan of oscar peterson this belongs in your collection
music pos building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album .
music neg do not buy this cd , the first two reviews said this is a good cd . nope . i 'll tell ya the real about this cd . i believe this was 305 's first cd , and i do n't see how this cd was ever in mass production . while it does have a few decent cuts most of this cd belongs to a different artist . 305 got much of the material for this cd on techmaster p.e.b 's masterpiece bass computer . any one who has both cd 's can tell . if your looking for bass , you 'll find it here . but you can find knock with any bass artist . i give this cd one star for biting techmaster
music pos this is where afi began their sound change from their first 2 cd 's ( answer that & stay fashionable , very proud of ya ) . it is much more serious than the first 2 , alot angrier , heavier , darker , and more screaming / yelling as well . some people say this is their best , i disagree , i prefer their " punkier " 1st 2 but i still enjoy this alot , it 's all down to personal taste , it gets a 5 / 5 for me
camera neg dont bother upgrading your power shot camera...just buy a better one . the zoom lens ads a whole 5 ft to the view before the pixels become a big issue
camera pos the best binoculars i have owned , and i have had many . excellent clarity , great field of view too . nice size also not to big , not to small . you cant go wrong with this fine set , highly recommended
music neg this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics .
music pos this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) " i a major way " album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it
camera pos camera has good features and decent battery life for a " regular " camera . for those of you who do n't need a special camera and just want something that can take decent pictures . this is a good one . i like it
music neg i found a supposedly " new remastered edition " of sade 's " diamond life " on sale for less than 10 bucks . oops ! great mistake ! when i tried to return it , the cd store was already out of business , and the copy is one issued in the netherlands which is marked into the booklet as " 2000 digital remastered version " . the whole album has been re-recorded with new arrangements ! the digital sound is quite good , but the new arrangements made for ' smooth operator ' really sucks ! !
music neg no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead
music pos i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed
camera neg this keychain photo viewer sold by a company called " smartparts " is identical to one sold by " argus . " neither company manufactures the device nor do they offer a shred of tech support . you buy this , you 're on your own . you seem to be able to find the argus one a little cheaper.. . though they do mar the front of it with a big , black imprint of their logo . in any case , this thing is maybe worth $20 as a novelty . do n't pay more . image quality is mediocre and the software , while functional , is stunningly primitive . if you can pick it up cheap and approach it with low expectations , it 's a kind of cute gizmo . but do n't give yourself agita by overpaying for an obsolete little toy . check the bargain bins for this thing , or just wait for the next generation device . - - m
camera pos there 's no question that paying $100 or more will get you a better monopod . but for $16 the sima smp-1 is a tremendous value . i have a sony dsc-w5 digital camera and have done everything i can think of to reduce camera-shake in low-light photos . this monopod has been great for adding stability and making my photos less blurry . the key is that it is small enough and light enough that i can take it almost wherever i go . and because it 's so small , i can bring it in to places that would frown upon a tripod . a monopod is not a total replacement for a tripod . but this monopod is now the only addition to my camera that i take on trips
music pos this is a really great cd . the candian and american idol winners are not usually that great , but melissa is an exception . she just belts out her soul whenever she 's at the microphone . my absolute favourite is definitely " alive " . it 's just a beautiful song . really , i recommend this cd who likes songs with great messages and a good beat . she 's a great pop / rock singer . you ca n't go wrong with this cd
camera pos if you are expecting clear professional sound transmission , this is not it . that 's a wireless system costing $1 , 000 - $3 , 000. this system is strictly for home none professional use . i think people were expecting this system to deliver the hi fidelity sound they hear on movies or tv soundtrack . professionals do not use this system . that is the reason for the low price . home movies only .
camera neg if you purchase this lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos
camera neg i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
camera neg we bought three of these for christmas presents and two of them stopped working already . they wo n't turn on at all . one of them broke almost immediately , and philips sent a refurbished unit to replace it . that one is now broken , too . the units have not been dropped or mistreated in any way .
music neg yet even some of you who agree that the album bites still say that " tub thumping " is okay , even if it " gets old after awhile " . that song is crap ! ! ! has to be one of the worst songs ever to get play . ever ! sounds like a bad radio commercial for some english beer they 're trying to market in the states . that song ( if you can call a random string of cheesy choruses a song ) makes the strongest argument against anarchy that i 've ever heard . proves that people who ca n't agree on anything ca n't make a song that makes any sense or follows any consistent theme . gotta go - just threw up in my mouth from the bilious memory of this worthless pop drivel
camera pos very small and easy to carry . neat on the zoom , a bit hazy on the image stabilization but overall a good buy for the buck
camera pos i was using this lense for a week now with d50 and i can tell you that in low light indoor shooting this lense is awesome . at 1.8f this lense should be fast enough for any semi-profesional ( like myself ) . at 8f this lense produces the most sharpest photo ever and given that you shoot in nef ( raw ) format and use photo editor software ( i use nikon 's capture nx ) photoes become master pieces . at 22f , outside group portrait are sharp to the last hairy detail on each single person . i highly recommend this lense
music pos if you like music you ca n't help but like mariachi from mexico . it is superb . is there another volume ? if so , tell me about it
music neg this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter .
music pos this album is simply one of the coolest things around , and when i listened to it , it inspired me to a similar project using the same ' weaving and zoning from place to place ' kind of method . what this basically is , are field recordings of various different indigenous and mainstream musics from mostly indian / middle eastern / oriental festivals ; they are then mixed together nicely into one flowing peice . you get indian gamelan , mussette accordion , vocal choruses , foreign tongue talking , and psychadelic bagpipes all in one 33 minute track , and then some . it 's very trippy , and it hints at some kind of endless dream where we flow from place to place without reason . get this for your own good
music neg ok i 'll make it short but sweat great music , singing sucks...this guy is flat every song and he should go back to the honk tonk and get away from rock...if you think i 'm lying listen close how can anyone listen to this voice , he ca n't hold a note and sounds like he has a mouth full of mush , he sucked at country and has no place in rock...home boy go back to texas and get back to branded some cows cause you suck
music neg this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship .
camera neg i originally purchased the samsung duocam scd6040. it fortunately broke 1 week before the warranty ran out . the video began having giant pixilated squares when video taping and on playback . though under warranty , it still cost me $49 ( their fee ) to send in the camera for a repair . the repaired camera came back broken . i had to deal with many customer service people , but finally got them to agree mine was a " lemon " and they sent me the scd6550. now 10 months later , the video and playback on this duocam has broken . you see a black screen with yellow blocks on the lcd and through the viewfinder . i cannot video tape or playback anything on tape . it is not under warranty . i ca n't believe their cameras / duocams do n't last longer than one year . they must use cheap parts . please save yourself the headache and chose another brand .
camera pos the camcorder compact power adapter worked very well . i was given great help in finding the right one for my canon camcorder , which in itself was amazing . 5 stars to the product and to the helpers who helped me locate the right one
camera pos kodak v705 black : small , can carry in pocket . wide angle lens , great for group photos . fast start up time . video mode is easy , built in mic picks up all the sounds.camera can stitch 3 photos together-great for vistas . i am happy with this camera . bought another v705 in silver for my friend and she loves it.kodak makes easy to take photos . weak flash - try not to be more than 6-8 feet away-or use photoshop on photos
camera neg i bought this item over a year ago , and it has never served for anything . once i spotted a deer and turned on the " ir " illuminator , and the deer ran away - not too surprising , it is actually a red light and totally visible for most animals . better use a flashlight . this is a first-generation nightscope , and has a very small range of utility : if there is a little light , the adapted human eye sees better , and if there is almost no light the device does not see either . 100 bucks is not too much of a waste , but if you are serious about nightvision you should spend about 10 times as much
music pos i read some of the other reviews before i submitted this . i do n't see how someone could get upset over the liner notes . redd does n't include danny gatton as an influence because he did n't listen to him . as far as other reviews concerning tone and the lack of fire , well , i do n't even know how to address that . redd has one of the best tones i 've heard on the tele and his note selection is what sets him apart from other pickers . ever hear of diarrhea of the guitar ? well , you wo n't get that on this cd because redd does n't play something to just play it . this cd showcases redd 's versatility from country , to swing , to blues , to rock , it has it all . if you like good pickin ' , then by this cd
camera pos this is a good teleconverter that added 1.5x to the camera 's native zoom . it adds a great degree of stability to the camera for taking those critical shots . of course when the digital zoom is used it is very sensitive to shake and movement . overall a good addition especially for the birds and nature shots
camera pos the product was easy to use and accurate . it is also a great buy
camera pos what i love about this case is its softness and its superior quality . it fits just like a glove and it protects the camera at the time it never poses a danger to it . ( i have had other older cases that scratched or even crushed the cameras ) . this one seems to be an improved model . it does not need to have handles because you are supposed to use the strap on the camera . highly recommendable
camera neg i purchased this wide angle lens for my digital camera . when i was experimenting with it taking photos inside my house , there was a dark shadow in the lower right hand portion of the photo . when i took a photo outside , there was no shadow . i went to my local camera shop to ask for help in this matter and he said i would need to adjust the white balance according to the light in the room , but he said , in reality , ' these digital cameras are really not meant for attachments' . i did experiment with the light balance , but still had no luck in getting that dark area to disappear.the flash on the camera is not strong enough to compensate for the area the lens blocks . i returned the product .
camera neg i had this camera for 2 months . it was kept in a case and was very well taken care of . i would not even allow my husband to touch it . i was taking pictures and then one suddenly came out as a white screen . i took another and the same thing . i asked my husband what he thought was wrong . we took out our memory card and tried internal . same thing again . he said maybe it was the lcd screen . we loaded the pictures in the computer and it was even worse . i contacted kodak several times . they do n't care about their customers . i have talked to several others in similar situations with similar results . we will try to get their attention with a lawsuit . if interested contact me [...
music neg there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't
camera neg i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good
camera pos a really cool digital picture frame , very simple to use and supports all types of memory cards even a pen drive
music pos jeff beck is the best guitarist on the planet and has been for a very long time . what you get here is an abbreviated version of him live . his song selection is not the best , but freeway jam which is one of my all time favorite beck songs is included . you also ger scatterbrain and blue wind . she 's a woman the old beatles song is also included . jeff beck at this time was playing some of his best guitar and his solo instrumental career was taking off . the songs with the jan hammer group to me are very average and infact distract what beck is trying to to . unfortunately this is his only live album from his instrumental era . i truely wish he would release a dvd of himself in concert for those who either havent seen him live or would like to see him live on dvd . the idea was good , the cd is too short and not up to snuff
music pos i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best .
music pos even though mitchell wanted to feel reckless in this album , she accomplished one thing with her music : coming closer to weather report . it 's obvious she loved its jazz-fusion and admired jaco pastorious and wayne shorter so much to have invited them to reach their peaks , but as master musicians they could only achieved what joni allowed them to do . in " paprika plains " ( a song over 16 min . long ) joni unloads wonderful lyrics but only allows her group of pioneers to explode at the last two and half minutes . i would have hoped to hear a longer and more robust instrumental finish worthy of weather report 's reputation . over all the album is interesting because mitchell is not afraid of going out on a very tiny limb... .
camera pos reading the reviews of this camera reminds me that cameras are tools . an imperfect tool in the hands of a master is much better than a perfect tool in the hands of a amatuer . i am not a master , but i do appreciate this camera for what it can do and what its limitations are . when you use iso settings higher than 200 you will see increased noise . i think it is a great little camera and i have used it a lot on my latest photo project . keep in mind one of the assets of this camera is its small physical size . this also means small optical lens = less light gathering ability . there is no way to compensate for this in the camera - so know this is a limitation and deal with it .
music pos this album has some of the best country songs in the business . mark sings songs straight from his heart . there are songs for every occasion from the slow ballads like " too cold at home " , " i 'll think of something else " , and " almost goodbye " to the fast , heels kicking " bubba shot the jukebox " , and " going through the big ' d' " . these songs are about real life realtionships and how they affect the heart . so if you 're in the mood to cry about that lost love or smile now that they 're gone this is the album for you
camera neg 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy !
camera pos i received this product in a timely manner . it was exactly what i needed . thank you
camera pos do n't believe the marketing kodak does . i was using only kodakfilms for nearly 5 years . i recently switched to fuji based on some online reviews...i was pleasantly surprised at the results . i highly recommend this film
music neg i never could understand why the beatles are so popular ? they are pretty boring too just like pink floyd . each and every song on this album can put me to sleep in about 55 seconds . i just dont like it because it sucks ! dont listen to the moronic 5 star reviewers below . the beatles only made one good album and that 's the one which contains ballad of john and yoko , hey jude .
camera neg so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there .
camera neg probably a very good case , but not a very operatable one in the field - you have to undo two closures to open the camera compartment , a strap and a velcro . the shoulder strap is not detachable - looks kind of silly when you are trying to use the belt strap . for the olympus stylus digital cameras , look to the lowepro case - better case and value
music pos darren aronofsky 's movies are beautiful masterpieces . from " pi " to " the fountain " , going through " requiem for a dream " , they will forever stand as timeless jewels . so they are hard to top in any way , but clint mansell has been able to do it every single time , scoring each of them . for " the fountain " , he teamed up once more with kronos quartet and had scottish post-rock band mogwai join in too , to produce a score that fits the movie like a glove , in a very organic way . the central theme to the movie is instrumented in a way that works fantastically well across all the time periods the movie encompasses . the combination of the talents of mansell , the quartet and mogwai yields a relatively dark , yet breathtaking musical piece that will stand the test of time much like the movie it was meant to score
camera pos i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal .
music neg the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring .
camera neg the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
music pos its kind of hard to deny what krs-one has brought to the game . his flow is phenomenal and the insight he gives is precious even now . standout tracks : duck down , ruff ruff ( dope match up with freddie foxx ) , 13 and good ( the story of a guy who sleeps with a teen that calls her father who is a gay cop will have you in stitches ) , poisonous products , questions and answers , like a throttle , we in here , the real holy place ( the deepest track on here ) , who are the pimps ? and the reggae tinged joints like say gal and sex and violence are gems also . filler : none ! bottom line : bdp 's six album is still a classic with a message that still isnt heeded till this day . besides the slammin production , krs showed that he was 100 steps ahead from the average rapper with this album . any born again hip hop head would do well to start off with edutainment and work their way down to this album .
camera neg this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions
music neg the cd came without a cd case and the cd did not play . i am very disappointed
music pos growing up with classical rock and having enjoyed rock music by rod stewart , i did n't think i 'd like this cd . one evening i was having dinner at a friend 's home and they had this one playing . it was beautiful . being a little older now ( in my early 40 's ) , i enjoy more mellow music than the head banging variety that is heard now . this cd of rod 's was nostalgic , romantic and extremely easy to listen to .
camera pos it is a great compact camera with a good zoom . i can now leave a larger lens on my nikon dx 70 and use this for closer shots . you do need to try different settings to make sure you get the color you want . i really like it for most general quick shots , carry it wth me most of the time
music pos este cd es excelente ! se los recomiendo a todos los que les guste la musica buena . robi es un gran poeta y filosofo
music neg denis leary 's whole act is stolen from bill hicks nearly word for word . save your money and search amazon for bill hicks
camera pos when i purchased this camera i was really conflicted on wheather i should get a digital still camera or a digital video camera . so when i decided still and found out the canon powershot had a video feature , i was pleased but had very low expectations . boy was i suprised ! this camera has so many fun features for both still and video pics . and the quality is awesome for both ! there is a video email option so you do n't have to guess if your videos are going to fit into an email . but if you want you can create some really good quality video with a quick adjustment . and all of it transfers easily to my computer . plus with still pics there are lots of easy features to choose from so you can quickly set up for any kind of shooting sinario .
music neg i was deeply disappointed by the so-called " return of the funk " with the headhunters reuniting with their original lineup . as compared to herbie hancock 's original " headhunters " release , the return of the headhunters is missing one main ingredient , the grease . this recent release has traded the " grits and gravy " created by the sounds of overdriven analog equipment and early model synthesizers , for over-produced smooth jazz-funk , complete with overused n'dea davenport r&amp ; b hooks that left this album flat
camera neg bought these for my nikon d200 about 3 months ago . never having used tiffen before i took a chance on a recommendation . vignetting can be an issue for polarizing filters and the vignetting on this one is the worse i 've seen . build quality of all the filters is really not very good . going to go back to hoya 's which are much better
camera pos i have the white one ( black was unavailable at the time of purchase ) 1. the camera will not slide out even though the clasp is magnet . it is made snug enough that the felt holds it in the case even with a shake or jostle . 2. durable . no scrapes or scratches in 7 months . 3. have n't missed the belt clip option , its small enough to fit in my pocket 4. well constructed / durable . people think its some sort of ipod case / holder
camera pos though being a nikonist for years and knowing the possibilities of that camera i could never imagine the results and performance of this item , easy to handle , incredible small for the capacity and giving the same options to get the same quality of pictures than the d80.i have both
camera pos i bought a spare battery for my d70s and charged it up one time . since then , i have been waiting to use my spare but the original ( charged hundreds of pictures ago ) has been going strong for , literally , months . follow the directions . do n't use it until your fully charge and do n't recharge until it 's run down . this will help maintain battery life . good product from a great company
camera neg i purchased this camera for my 6 yr old daughter . it is n't even good enough for a child 's toy camera ! she had asked for a camera with a flash and screen for viewing what she had taken photos of . this camera looked like it would fit the bill . it was small and " cool " looking , had a dock ( great idea ) , li-ion battery ( great idea ) and a skin ( great idea . ) unfortunately it lacks the ability to take decent photos in varied environments ( we are not always outside in the sun ! ) if they would put a better camera in the same package it would become very desirable . save yourself the grief and buy something else . i 'm getting a 5mp hp ( for less money even !
music pos love.this.album . every song is awesome ! this is the kind of album you play over and over because you feel great after listening to it . my favorites are " in a moment " and " know " . half past forever rocks !
music pos three six mafia has out done there self with this new guy chrome about every song is decent which is hard to find these days
music neg i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things .
music neg lol ! some people cant be serious these days . the lyrics on every track are straight garbage . so he failed bad lyric wise . production wise , some of the beats are pretty good , but a beat doesnt make a song good ! nor does it make horrible lyrics good ! ! so i think some tracks where he gets deep are worth the try j-kwon , but the game aint for you . i think this album is garbage
music pos digressing from their first 2 albums , transmutation ( 5 stars ) and sacrifist ( 5 stars ) , praxis unleashes metatron . trimmed down to a 3 piece with laswell , bucket and brain covering all bases , metatron lacks bootsy 's space bass , yamatsuka eye 's agonizing screams or john zorn 's out of tune saxamaphoning , but it still rocks . track 1 is a laid back acoustic # and is absolutly beautiful . the album lacks the speed of some of sacrifist 's songs but makes up in phat grooves . half of the collection cd ( again 5 stars ) is from this album , but with nothing from transmutation , hmmm . instead of going further ill ' say this... . get this album at alll costs . burn copies for friends and spread the gospel according to praxis
camera pos this is a quality bag for the price . it is a little small and tight for the nikon coolpix 8700
music pos what can be said about this album ? this is one of those albums that re-invigorates your faith / enthusiasm in music ( those who listen to a lot of albums know what i mean ) . some tracks from here were most famously covered by nirvana on their unplugged album , although pained i do n't think cobain quite got the feel that kirkwood gives to these songs . it has a perfect blend of songs that make you want to almost hoe-down and those that you can just reflect on and chill out . particular stand outs on this album are split myself in two , magic toy missing , aurora borealis and the whistling song . this album does take some growing as kirkwood 's voice is abrasive , but this is an album that will truly make you love music . do try it , you wo n't be disappointed .
camera pos after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good
camera neg if you are shoting kid at the swiming pool , it 's ok . but , if you are the open water diver , please do n't buy it . i try it yesterday , it will not work after 10m / 33ft , it will show the red screen and count down timer , it scare me . and i miss a lot of shot for yesterday 's dive . it 's really disappointed to me
camera neg i took it straight out of the package , plugged it in for a charge . charger never reached " green " ready but the battery overheated and melted several hours later . customer service was not the best i 've had . do n't make the same mistake , keep looking
music neg there are 2 really good songs on here . the first is " untitled , " which sounds like gibbard was listening to a lot of brian wilson at the time he wrote it . the percussion sounds like it could have been on pet sounds . " underwater " is a pretty good song...but the real jewel on the album is " send packing . " it really is a beautiful , well-written song . the rest of the album sounds kind of thrown together and most of the songs would have been much better if they had been recorded with real instruments . basically , the novelty of the kid instrument thing wears off really quickly . all in all , i would n't spend 10 bucks on it , but a couple tracks are pretty good
camera neg i loved my 4.1mp sony cypershot i got for christmas in 2005. then a few days after christmas in 2006 the screen was getting these fuzzy lines in it . if i would tap the camera they would go away . but then a few days later i was taking pictures and the camera just stopped working . it would turn on but then shut off . i had this problem before with low batteries but i changed them and it still did n't work . it would let me review pictures but not take them and now it wont turn on at all and the lens is stuck out . so many other people have had this exact problem after just one year of use . so sad camera dea
music pos i have been hankering after this great album on cd for a long time now . imagine my surprise to suddenly find out that it is available . surprise turned to shock when i saw the price . does the company that produces this cd not realise that are people all around the world ( including south africa where i live ) who are very keen on this album ? at this stage though , it is only the very wealthy that can afford it .
camera pos wow is all there is to say no problems with it perfect for a casual picture take
camera neg i purchased the 75-300mm for a trip to a nascar nextel cup championship in homestead , fl . i was mostly disappointed with the lens from the beginning . the lens is not very sharp , feels very cheap , and the autofocus is slow and hilariously innaccurate in low light . i packed up and returned the lens about an hour after i got off the plane . i am going to save my money for something sturdier and with a better maximum aperture . i suggest you do the same .
music pos great anniversary present . fav song.. . i love the way you love me.. . my husband loves to listen to it in the car
camera pos this is an excellent device . quick respond with my d80. i use it to take the family pictures that include me . i just point and press this remote to activate the d80 's timer and it works beautifully
music pos a great series concept - highly significant artists performing material which taken individually or collectively represents a major section of the american music library . ofcourse the originally withdrawn [w . new at-the-time funky people] " talkin ' loud. . " by jb ( i bought it retail ! ) is the highlight , along with the live " it 's my thing.. . " by marva whitney . ( yes , i saw mw sing it **l-i-v-e** at madison square garden in july , 1969 ) . the prev . unrel . bobby byrd track and vicki anderson 's contribution to the " cold sweat " session also reinforce the value for listeners
music pos one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming
music neg i did not like this cd at all . there was not even one song that i liked . however , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . i also got her new cds , and did not like those eithe
music neg after really enjoying the amici forever album , i went shopping for another amici album and found this one . there really is no comparison between the two . i 've tried listening to it several times to see if i 'm missing something , but somehow the selections and arrangements seem more appropriate for the lawrence welk generation than anyone interested in a spicy little opera troupe . i was very disappointed
camera neg i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him
camera pos i purchased this battery as a back-up to the one that came with the camcorder . the great thing about this is , once charged , it can sit in a camcorder for a month without loosing any power . i discovered this last week when i wanted to use the camcorder and was worried that the battery may be dead by now but ...surprise surprise . its recharge time is very fast . the only negative part ( if i must have to give ) is , it 's a little bigger then the one that comes with camcorder . i say go for it .
music neg tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables
music pos every listen i get more into this cd . many catchy songs . i now need to buy more of donald 's solo stuff . great music
music neg i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad
camera pos this was the best item i ever bought for my camera . i do a lot of walking with my camera , and thought i would use it as a walking stick , which i do , but the best part of this monopod is what i never thought would happen . my pictures are never fuzzy ! i can take low light photos and have they come out clear . i paid very little for this item and would never be caught without it and my camera . the three levers on the bottom allow for quick expansion at all different lengths . the carrying case allows for this item to be packed next to my camera without it getting scratched
music neg i sorta of agree with the person below , this album sucks....plain and simple , however i think he is still doing a great job in rhapsody . i gave it one star not so much because it is garbage , but becuase i was looking forward to this album since " prophets of the last eclipse " which was great , but trully...i do n't know went wrong . i do n't have a problem with female vocalists , but in this album...it is retched . i do n't think i will ever listen to this album ever again . sorry ! but its true...do not buy this album , pretend you never knew he had a new album...oh ! and do not buy luca turilli 's dreamquest either ! another bomb
music pos if you think yer gonna puke everytime you have to suffer through a " country " song from nashville these days , and you happen to like classic rock , you would probably appreciate what shooter 's trying to do here . folks , this is the real deal . i do n't mean real country or real rock - this is a hybrid - i mean he 's making music that is honest and down to earth . a flash in the pan , he 's not . he 's going to be around for awhile
music neg i ordered this cd based on the reviews . first , i have to say that i am not sure why it is called ' paris under a groove' . i was thinking that it would be in french , at least . the beats are nice , i would not in any way compare it to buddha bar. . i just was n't as thrilled as i thought that i would be . it sounded very cheap . no originality . my fiancee is from paris , and this was very disappointing - not only to him - but i was embarrassed as offering it as a present....so far , it sits on the shelf. .
music pos ...heart-wrenching break-up with his girlfriend of 8 years , elastica 's justine frishmann . 13 is a dark record , produced by william orbit . nearly every song is injected with despair , sorrow , bitterness , and an achy , heart-breaking sadness . these moods are encompassed on such tracks as tender , 1992 , battle , and the tear-jerking no distance left to run . also included are the trip-hop masterpiece trimm trabb , the humourous trailerpark and b.l.u.r.e.m.i. , and coxon and albarn 's co-written pop-masterpiece , coffee and tv
camera pos you can check the photos that i took with canon s45 and this housing . it works brilliant . i just tested in 10meters . also there are supported extra lenses for this housing ( macro , wide ) ..
music neg jj , the name of the song you are looking for is " like you like an arsonist " by paris texas
camera pos at a recent nye event , i shot a lot of photos in a concert setting without a flash and am very impressed with the sharpness & clarity of this lens performance . its so fast and the colors are vibrant . i am not a seasoned pro but with the 20d and this lens , it makes me look pretty close . i did shoot in manual and once i got my aperture & shutter speed dialed in , it pumped out a lot of great pics . i have also shot some pics of waterfalls ( slowing down my shutter speed to get that soft flowing image ) and portraits of people and again , it oozed excellence . the 135mm focal range is not as convenient as a zoom , but the quality of this prime lens makes up for any incovenience
camera pos this is a great lens for star fields . it is about the least expensive lens canon makes and also one of the fastest . the focus was sharp to the corners without coma . see my photo of a portion the milky way . this was obtained with a 30sec exposure with a rebel xt on an inexpensive clock drive sitting on a picnic table
music pos very different , very cool ! an awesome cd that all ages in my house ( from 13 to 68 ) really enjoy listening to
camera neg i ordered this tripod , and it arrived broken . the assembly to which a camera is attached is made out of plastic . i asked for an rma order via e-mail , and they only gave me an address to mail it back to with a ' copy of the invoice . ' being lazy about mailing things back , and since it was cheap to begin with i tried repair it myself . where it broke ( the three plastic rings on the camera mount ) , it was impossible to re-glue , because of the torsion placed on those rings with any sort of pressure . even if your tripod arrives un-broken , it will likely break the first time you drop it on the camera mount from any height at all .
music neg can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain
music pos and he know 's nothing about popular music and really should get back to work and stop sitting around convincing himself that he does . dumbass
music pos this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem
camera pos this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close
music neg before you get all worked up , let me say that he has a voice , but he really does n't have a style . he sings songs way too straight , he makes even bobby short sound like an improviser ! he also does n't seem to be in touch with his masculine side , his vocie is very , well if ying is male , and yang is female , he sounds very yang . he needs to take some liberties with the songs he sings and then he wo n't sound so obnoxious , then he needs to take some vocal lessons and try to bring out the ying ( masculine side ) in his voice . he needs to hear a few billy eckstine lp's . i do n't think he can change but here 's hoping he 'll take my advice . as far as you buying this cd it is your decision , this is just my honest opinion
camera pos this case fits the z650 perfectly by just removing the inner piece .
music neg wots happened to memphis hiphop it goin out the window or its already gone out the window there pushin any old sh' ' out for bucks anyone who is in2 real memphis years 94 to 98 2000 max when rappers were hungry no , s wot im talkin about old underground tapes the only guy doin stuff to that form now is evil pimp and thats a bit over the top but come on guys we want them simple murder beets back with them sik lyrics instead of that shoutin crunk sh , t 36 is now pushin , , , , get back to your roots alot of people are now reachin out for the old siccness from back in the day tommy wright playa fly kinda sh , t even koopstas devil playground piss , s on this wack sort your stall out koopsta
music pos this album is ridiculous . i almost want to say part of srv 's soul is in this guy...he is that good . honestly i think this album rips apart his previous two . my hope is that jimmy , dt and apo will bring out a 4th release...as good as this album or better ! this is one of those great albums where every song is good . buy it . you like srv , buy it . double trouble must have brought part of srv back , because this album is just plain sweet
camera neg this camera / mp3 / camcorder / webcam / voice recorder is way to good to be true ! i brought one because it was cute and looked perfect for mini movies . but i was sadly mistaken.. . this camera just takes cheap pictures and videos . the only thing that actully worked properly was the voice recorder that i had no need for . after about 3 days of trying to make it work a little better i gave up and sold it on ebay for the same price as i brought it for . it 's a great idea.. . but it just is n't a good camera but if you want a voice recorder this is pretty nice . the mp3 player is n't all that wonderful either . it does n't work with itunes . or easy work with windows . hope this helps.. . i wish i would have read this before i brought this camera
camera neg overall this is a well-designed case which is custom fit for your panasonic lx1 or lx2 camera , but it has a few major flaws . first , there is no simple way to attach it to your belt . there is a belt loop on the back but it is so small and tight that it wo n't fit any belt more than 1 / 2 " wide . also , there are two zippers on this case , one on each side , which could potentially scratch your camera coming in or out of the pocket . finally , the velcro tab that closes the case is not particularly strong and can occassionally pop loose on its own . this might be a good case if you are going to keep it in your backpack or suitcase , but not for carrying around for everyday use .
camera neg the 5x7 digital photo frame from pacific digital is very cheaply made , the lcd is very dark and flickers constantly .
camera pos i purchased this camera for my son . he is a doctoral student and needed to photograph items for his research . he was able to learn to use it quickly . the battery life is phenomenal
music pos i love almost all of these songs on this cd . if you want songs that grab your every emotion...this cd is for you ! i also recommend their other cds also
camera neg this case looks good and protects the camera adequately , but is too bulky . it has n't got a lot of room inside - i was unable to fit an extra sd card in its little case and a spare battery . the belt clip is difficult to use , and i end up carrying the case in my hand most of the time . there are better cases for this camera
music neg gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal !
camera pos got this camera in 1999 and it is still doing very well ! more than 3000 great pictures have been taken . the camera is very easy to use and needs no maintenance . a word of caution - ensure that the camera does n't get pressurized laterally - this can happen if it is stuffed in a bag and someone sleeps over it . the spring-operated shutter is very sensitive . would recommend this for anyone who is looking for a cost-effective and easy-to-use film camera
music pos my first monk album was monk 's dream from columbia . i loved that album 15 years ago and had been searching for the same satisfaction from the multitude of monk recordings from the blue note years , presitge , and riverside . what monk 's dream offered that the prior work lacked , was production . raw , edgy , spontaneous ...yes all those recordings offered that . but i longed for that sense of confidence , tightness and richness of sound monk 's deream provided . i found that in this set which makes sense since monk 's dream came out of these sessions at columbia . so what if these are reworks of the old stuff...they sound just as new and gripping " produced " as they did in their earlier days without big money helping out . will i throw out my older stuff and just play this ? no chance..there is a time for polish and a time for purity
camera pos i bought this underwater housing in anticipation of a trip to the galapagos . it worked perfectly , and i obtained some really incredible shots , both still and video . the combination of the canon sd550 and this housing were amazing . i did make sure to lubricate the primary o-ring each time i opened the housing . but the need to do so was reduced by using a larger , 1gb memory card - both card and battery would last a little over two dives , before i need to change one or the other
music pos i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version
camera pos ok.. . i do n't know who reviews batteries but this one is pretty good .
music pos a truly glorious recording , just what i want in music , with brilliancy , sensitivity , and beauty . this is a must have for every music lover worth the name
music pos chandos ' grainger edition is a significant contribution to modern art . this particular volume ( vol . 14 ) features grainger 's settings of various folk and popular songs which he made in the first quarter of the 20th century . the accompaniments are set for small ensembles , and grainger utilized the harmonium on many of the song settings on this disc . sound is 24-bit
music neg aerosmith were one of the worst most annoying bands of all time . they only made 3 decent songs in same old song and dance , seasons of wither , and janies got a gun . rest of the songs just stink explosively . avoid most albums from this hugely overrated band , steven tyler screams , he ca n't sing at all ? ? ? this is music for drug addicts
music pos no other compilation of garland 's work exemplifies her genius and versatility than this astounding compilation that shows why she was the entertainment phenomenon that took the world by storm . all her original soundtrack performances are here , sounding magnificent . far superior to thin-sounding studio re-creations , this is the real deal , assembled with obvious skill , intelligence and dedication to the talented legend . in a sense , this should be the " soundtrack album " for that magnificent documentary about her that pbs produced a while back . do n't pass this up
camera neg the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it
music neg like the other reviewer of this cd , i am also a fan of buffalo tom . unfortunately this does n't sound very similar to bt , in fact it is a bit dull . none of the songs seem to have hooks or melodies that stick - after you hear it you instantly forget it . i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 to be fair , since i only played it 3 times , hoping it would grow on me . i 'd recommend " up here " instead of this one , it 's much more listener friendly
music neg these are the same tracks from totally buble which was released without buble 's consent . " totally buble " is not an album that i wanted to be released . they were songs i recorded for a film called " totally blonde " many years ago before i was signed to 143 / reprise records . the decision to release it as an album was made by the film 's producer , and i had no control over stopping him . it is important for everyone to know , that i only want to release quality music to my fans by offering my best work and i sincerely apologize if you purchased this album . " - michael buble
camera neg i bought this because it was 50% off . i ca n't see how anybody can get much enjoyment from trying to look at photos on this viewer . i guess for background noise , it would be good but as a photo viewer , it 's not . small screen + low resolution = poor viewer
camera pos i fried my charger in mexico and needed to replace it . this was the exact replica and it works great
camera pos looked at a number of cameras including the tz3 , p5000 , and a few others . nothing compared to the g7 which is the one i ended up going with ; is , 6x lens , incredible quality , etc. if you want the best camera out there and do n't feel like messing with a dslr , the canon g7 is in a league of it 's own ~ the benchmark by which all other manufacturers strive towards .
music neg while there are some flashes of brilliance in this album , it is compromised by a lack of direction . the ' tastes so sweet ' mix of rapture is beautiful , although cut far too short . faithless , afrika bambaataa & soulsonic , and crystal method are all good driving tracks at the tail end of this album . the high point , without contest , is darude 's ripping mix of rising star 's ' touch me' . this is a cut to throw on for the peak.. . when you find the party is just outside of barstow with hunter . that said , then there are all the uninspired tracks in the center of the album . these are more appropriate in an adolescent brit girl 's drawer next to the spice girls . for some labels , this would be normal , for ministry however , it is a dissapointment
music pos this cd is truly a classic and one of my all-time favorites . love it
camera pos i am pleased with the purchase . very good value . picture quality is good and it is easy to operate . only negative is that it was advertised as wood frame when in fact it is plastic . however , it looks good . this is my second purchase of this product : one for myself and one as a gift
music neg nothing new here . i like reading the ridiculous reviews of these cds where people gush all over the screens over how much they love patton . this cd is dull . suffering from patton overexposure . maybe he should actually spend some time and make an awesome album ( like secret chiefs 3 - book of horizons ) rather than dozens of merely adequate ones
music pos i recommend this cd to anyone stuck in a rut like i was . listening to the same artists over and over but wanting something new and fresh . life on planet groove will be a welcome addition to your collection . great for the drive
music pos the only problem with betty buckley is that she is n't nearly as well known as she deserves to be , considering the length and quality of her career . this album of somgs from her 1996 aids benefit concert at carnegie hall is simply flawless . naturally , it 's heavy on music from broadway , the london stage , and film scores , but she sings one mary chapin carpenter song , " come on , come on , " that comes from none of those sources and is guaranteed to give you chills every time you hear it . if you 're tired of recordings by singers of little talent and less style , listen to betty buckley for fifteen minutes and you 'll feel as if you 'd never heard real singing before . she is an original , and she has the best voice in theater of this or almost any decade
camera pos nice and compact . the tripod does n't really work as i expected . i am using my own tripod . overall is a nice little unit for the money
music pos i received " the piano " promptly , and in pristine , excellent condition .
music neg can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain
music pos great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc.
music neg this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman .
camera neg i agree with the two previous reviewers . there needs to be a user manual and there is n't one . the fine adjustment will adjust the vertical angle maybe 15 degrees . this is n't very helpful for star gazing . the maximum height of the tripod is only 45 inches . this is an uncomfortable height for looking through binoculars while standing . celestron should have a users guide showing how their tripod and binoculars are supposed to work together
camera neg when i got this camera for my birthday april 2005 i thought that it was a dream come true . the picture quality was brilliant , it was easy to use . the device was ment to be envied . it took marvelous pictures until within 3 months , july 2005 - the lcd screen cracked . the camera had been in a case sitting on a bed with no possibility of misuse or accidental damage . i was never suspiscious of it until i took it to be fixed and reading countless reviews of similar problems . something bad will happen to this camera . either the sceen will break or the memory card thing . a friend of mine also owned the s410 , and her screen broke before mine did . the camera still takes photos , but without the screen the device is near worthless as you have no options . it is not worth the price of repair . tomorrow i am going to buy a new camera .
camera pos when i sow this in amazon and read the spec . and everything on it i knew this is exactly what i 'm looking for . it 's portable , handy , and it 's easy to use . the video has a great picture on it as well as the picture too . you can even download mp3 music and use it to make music video , or any music of your own . here 's what you do , output the audio to a power amp / speaker so the performer will hear the music let the performer lipsink the music and start shooting the video . shoot different location at the same music and edit it whala you have just made the mtv music video
music pos for those who have only heard the hits this is a fine addition for your collection . bruce and the boys were young and completely up to the task of handing out the long jams you find here . the title sums up the overall feeling of the songs . there 's a certain joy and a ton of fun to be had . put this on one nice warm spring day and see if it does n't lift your mood . caution : must be listened to while drinking a cold domestic beer
music pos with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best
music neg this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art
music pos i love to working with this soundtrack in the back ground . the music is fun , whimsical , and out of the ordinary . i like pop and rock , but sometimes you just need good music without the lame lyrics
camera neg while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version
music pos i agree with everyone else ; the music on this album is completely magical . two masters at work with a great rhythm section , very spontaneous-sounding contrapuntal harmonies , unbounded joy in every tune , and some interesting arrangements . this is also the worst-sounding cd ( or lp , for that matter ) that i have ever heard . it sounds worse than lo-res mp3s played over the web ; i have recordings of 78s that sound better . i cannot believe that even laserlight would release this . i have other laserlight cds and none of them sound this bad . if they remastered this and made it sound better , i would buy it again . that 's the only reason for 4 stars rather than 5. still , it 's worth getting if you can listen past the horrible sound quality
music pos i bought this recording along with blood on the tracks recently and all i can say is " doggonit " it do n't get any better than this . they called elvis the king but bob dylan must be the " wizard " . who will tell us great stories when he is gone ?
camera pos this is a great product . i wish i had not waited so long to purchase it . you must be aware that it only works with l type batteries . i though that it would work with p or m types , which is what i have for 2 sony camcorders . i had to then purchase an l battery ( np-f970 ) . my old camcorder that uses p batteries is able to charge l batteries as well . do your homework with the batteries
camera neg ok this is the third sony handycam i have owned and this is the most lacking in options..sony messed up with the usb port because if your looking for that one just spend the extra cash and get the trv 280 i had the 280 and it was stolen from me so i came on here and saw the trv 138 and i purchased it and was disapointed in the picture quality..its fuzzy. . im in the process of seeing if the seller will return this camera so i can get the trv280 back. . i hope this has helpe
camera pos i bought this flash to use on a light pole with a flash trigger when we shoot weddings . rather than use one of my canon 580 's , i thought this was a better use of my $$-since i use this additional light in manual mode anyway . it does the job for under $10
camera neg this camera has a very poor lens . at 1x zoom , the barrel / spherical distortion is enormous ; try taking a picture of a tiled wall . image quality is also so-so when a picture is viewed at 100% ; scaled down on a computer monitor , the quality is ok . color fidelity is next to nothing when using flash and auto white balance . [...]
music pos this cd is really really good . warped tour never fails to please . the best songs are by these people...the used , yellowcard , story of the year , matchbook romance , the early november , avoid one thing , taking back sunday , audio karate , simple plan , maxeen , coheed and cambria , and mest . buy this c
music neg reba is not country anymore period ! ! this cd will prove that . just listen to the first track which i think is horrible . as a matter of fact i think the whole cd is horrible . not deserving of reba 's talent .
music pos yes , there may be some small issues with the sound quality , but you get used to it , and wilhelm kempff is definitely one of the great pianists of the 20th century , so it is worth it . these are incredible performances that are often justly called definitive . kempff seems to always bring out every theme of every work and magnifies its emotional intensity , whereas other pianists would not have nearly as much attention to detail and neglect many subtle themes . highly recommended
camera pos this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you
music pos her voice takes my breath away , i fell in love with her . i highly reccomend it
camera neg with this pup it is simple to record video or images and almost impossible to download them successfully ! in standard mode , the playback of video is anything but smooth . looks like an old time movie . the software could best be described as , " user hostile " . i have n't been able to download any videos without getting an error message before the transfer is complete . the normal video is n't as good as my dv camcorders and downright sad indoors . the photo portion is slightly better than my cell phone ( a pocket pc ) . still pictures have n't downloaded successfully either ( approximately 11 out of 185 have made it across the wire before error messages start interrupting the transfer ) . it 's a handy size and easy to operate . after you 're done recording you 'll likely spend a lot of time with the manual ( i have ) and then you start getting frustrated . if i could return it , i would
music neg yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money
music neg thankfully i checked this out of the library and did not spend money on it . i felt the need to add a review though to spare those who might be thinking of buying it . i made it through the cd once with my kids , but that was it . we will not be listening again . as others have said , go buy the radio disney cds ( or possibly later version of kidzbop if they come with better reviews ) . the singers ( kids and adults ! ) on kidzbob are out of tune and just painful to listen to .
music neg i do not see how reviewers can rate this guy 5 stars . his voice is so mediocre that i am suprised he manages to sell many cd 's at all . i would n't waste my hard earned cash on this guy . stick with sinatra and get the best . if not , and you want someone who can sing sinatra style , then i would recommend you listen to the young canadian , michael buble . in my opinion michael buble is a much better singer that tyrell . he can swing and do justice to that genre of music
music neg if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part .
camera pos this rangefinder is great ! much lighter than the big bulky other units . has all the great features that is needed . this is one that you will take with you and not leave in the truck because it 's too big . i tested this against some of my buddies ' bigger units at known distances and this one out did the bigger units in speed and accuracy . great scan mode . best buy . should be sold for about ( $ ) more than asked for
music neg i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that " appreciate " unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects " ooh " ed and " ah " ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them
music neg hmm sounds good , jazzy and chic . this should only be played in lounges . the only tracked i liked was amour . the rest i wanted to close my ears . too much noise
music neg i am a huge fan of btnh , but even i will admitt this is not a good album . the worst being " home " which uses samples from phil collins . the whole thing feels kind of empty , with very little of the passion that you would hear on the groups earlier works . there are a few songs worth listening to . most notably is " clevland is the city " which is one of the only songs that still sounds like it has any " harmony " to it . other songs worth mentioning are " what about us " , " not my baby " and " pump , pump " , the rest of the album in my opinion is garbage . it is not surprising that the group broke up shortly after this album was released
music neg is there anything more sanctimonious than filming your last concert and inviting a bunch of fellow overrated hacks ( clapton , neil diamond , joni mitchell ) to the occasion , as if it 's some monumental event ? please ! as if the band were anything worthwhile in the first place . sorry , but the whole concept of a bunch of canadians ( well , four of five anyway ) writing this stuff about americana always came across to me as pretentious - - and it does n't get much worse than that stupid shot of levon helm wheezing through " the night they drove old dixie down . " these guys were just the beneficiaries of rolling stone / elitist rock critic propaganda . ( and to think they made fun of prog bands for writing inane lyrics - - huh ! ) i think martin newell put it best when he called the band " dreadful bearded ghastliness . "
music neg do n't waste your money . this album is cheesy , sounds like a million other pop rock songs , and is nothing compared to their earlier work . with donnie van zant and max carl on vocals , all i have to say is : they need the old lead singer back ! the guitar work is ok , but the classic .38 special sound has definitely been lost
camera neg i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality
music pos this was one of those rare performances where dylan 's raw energy swept the stage and transformed these selections from his collection into somthing entirely new and great . the sound is rough , the intonation is off , the recording is filled with horrible buzzes , whistles , and clicks . none of which matters . once youe listened to some of the tracks on this disk , you 'll prefer them to the original album cuts . i know i do . absolutely essential to any collection of dylan 's work , " hard rain " is not to be missed .
music neg when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver
music pos this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia
camera pos i bought this camera for myself at christmas . it is my first digital camera purchase . i love the clarity of the pics . i love the shutter speed ! i do wish the lens cap would stay on better , but that is so minor compared to my likes of the camera .
camera neg i ordered the camera case for the canon digital elph 450. and i was given a completely different one . prices sound great , but they do not deliver what you buy . had a bad experience with them .
music neg i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie
music neg nana has a beautiful voice , but her singing is monotonous , predictable . she lacks passion . sometimes you feel she is reading the lyrics instead of really interpreting the song . in addition to this , the arrangements are unfortunately very poor . her soprano range deserves a proper orchestra . only love could be the perfect background music for a romantic dinner with candles , but this is not the album i would like to listen to again and again
camera pos i purchased this camera primarily as a back-up camera . but i find myself using it more and more inplace of my main camera . it is a beautiful piece of work
camera pos the nikon s3 has proven to be a good buy . it is affordable yet takes a quality photo . in addition this camera is easy to use and fits conveniently in a pocket . this camera has the ranging ability to take both a simple aim and shoot photo , and at the same time complex skill shots that is complemented by computer editing and redeye reduction . my only complaint is as a result of the user . if the camera does not have time to focus , then the picture quality suffers immensely . this camera has only been in use for about two months but has not let me down yet ! my rating : 9 / 10
camera neg this tripod seemed to be very nice.. . until we tried to extend the legs all of the way . two and a half of the legs worked well , the third had a section that would not stay extended . the locking devices are pretty poor . they are made of a cheap plastic and i believe that even the ones that do work well now , will not last very long with even moderate use . next time i will try to find a tripod with a set screw type of leg extension lock
camera neg i 'm going to be completely honest with you . i hated the hp camera 's because 1. does not take great pictures at night 2. digital zoom is not great either 3. blur 's out if you do not stand still taking the picture . i 've had an old hp camera and i have had this newer hp camera and they are all the same . it doesnt seem like it really matters what mp they are . still bur 's out and it is disappointing . i guess it really depends on the person about this camera but i 'd rather have a sony , samsung , or some other company 's item . =
camera neg i bought the meade captureview 8x42 1.3mp digital camera binocular . the first one had software / hardware that hung up after 3 pictures , the second one had so many pixels missing from the screen it was unreadable , the third one wouldnt turn on and the black side flashing fell off on removal from the box . a truely tatty product
music neg just saw the video for this while flicking . the song talks about london bridge going down and everything but the bridge is fixed , it does n't go up or down with the video showing tower bridge . so bit of a mix up there . petty maybe but just thought it should be pointed out
music neg i was unable to play in my car cd player , so only choice i got is to listen at home using my home dvd player .
camera pos this is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball , as far as i can tell . if you follow the directions , and are as close to the action as possible , and at a " straight on " angle , it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement . however , this is a cool gadget , but if you are serious about " speed " and would like more versatility , then your going to have to go with the official mlb jugs gun...but at a much higher price . good luck
camera neg this item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9% light loss vs multi-coated filters like hoya s-hmc or b+w mrc filters . as for polarizer effect itself , i think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . ( the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive
camera neg i thought i was upgrading from analog to digital but after seeing the videos i shot indoors i liked the analog better . very poor and grainy . also the focus is terrible ! while filming 3 people in a row moving from one to the other the focus would blur then refocus . i filmed my daughter 's ballet recital and could not believe how the auto focus kept bluring then focusing . very disappointed with this purchase . i guess it 's true what they say . " you get what you pay for " it seems under $600.00 does n't get you much
music neg my two parakeets seem to enjoy this cd a bit , but if you want a cd for relaxing listening , be prepared to be irritated . i tried to go to sleep listening to it one night . i had to turn it off because it just got on my nerves.....i kept thinking it was stuck....like a record stuck in a grrove . it sometimes seems they recorded it by just hitting the " repeat " button on a couple of bird sounds . i think i could have done that . i 'm just glad it did n't cost a lot , but now i can see why . sorry for such a bad review , but i just had to tell anyone planning on buying it . i now just play it for my birds when i am not in the room
camera pos i bought my canon a540 recently from amazon and am completely satisfied . i added a 1gb sd card for $11 from ebay and a charger with 4 2500nimh aa batteries from the supermarket . the images are clear and large . you have the options of full automatic , various manual settings up to full manual and a wide selection of preprogrammed modes . at work we needed a new camera to record tiny scratches and imperfections in our manufactured product , so i took my camera in to demo . using the standard lens ( a macro lens is available but i do n't have it yet ) we photographed a quarter using only ambient light . in less than a minute we had the image on the screen and were able to blow it up until the date filled the screen and still maintain good detail . as a result we are now buying one for work with a macro accessory lens . i totally recommend it as an excellent all rounder
music neg the remix is totally devoid of any taste:first the vocals are completely-off ; the mix levels of vocals is far lower than the new musical dressings . secondly , there is absolutely no respect on part of the " mixing djs " for the great vocalists:there is no melody and absolutely no ' jelling-together ' of the music with the vocals . i was deeply disappointed with this cd.if you are into remixes get the rod stewart " do ya think i am sexy " single cd instead
music neg i remember buying a record by dna when it first came out...and i was really surprised later when arto lindsay and the ambitious lovers were able to turn this mess into great music . this is very unprofessiona
camera pos i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11 " x17 "
music pos what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic
camera pos photos were excellent . but photo print quality depends very much on the print shop . for the same photo file , it can look like a 4m photo when taken to a below quality printer shop . photos taken indoor with marginal lighting ( no flash used ) turned out to be yellowish . battery life is very long despite its large 3 " lcd . battery charging time is over 3 hours - too long . photos files viewed on computer looks just great . 8'x10 ' prints are great but have not tried larger prints . touch screeen control is a delight and very easy to choose and set . date on photo is red ( would be better if it is black ) . and the location of the date is not at the far right hand corner
camera neg the camera case only works if you wear a belt- - there is no clip on . the case itself holds only the camera , not even space for a spare battery or memory card . ( i 've heard the case will darken your camera , but i did n't end up using the case ) . the neck strap is not useful , it 's too long . at ' 34 inches , if you 're not careful you could swing your camera into something and break it . ( the canon camera rocks , however .
camera pos i do n't have that much stuff , but fits all my dslr gadgets plus my camcorder . fits - my canon xti with my canon 50 mm attached . - my kit lens - my new canon 70-300 is - my panasonic video cam - minor accessories ( extra batteries , cables , memory cards , etc ) there are separators with velcros inside , so you can configure the bag however you want it . the only issue i have with this bag is that i wa n't able to configure it to store my xti with my 70-300 attached
camera neg we purchased this camera and overall it was a good camera . it took excellent outside video and was not a great performer in low light conditions but that is not atypical of today 's reasonably priced minidv camcorders . however after six months the lcd screen suddenly stopped working . it was not mishandled and the otherwise the camera works great . we sent it last november to the panasonic authorized service center . they returned it three months later unrepaired because the part is not available . we were out $100 in labor fees plus we still have a broken camera that is less than a year old . i only share this as a warning to potential buyers . panasonic did not honor our warranty
camera pos the canon rs-60e3 is all that canon says it is....it is a simple one handed operation switch that can open the flash , focus , then release the shutter once , a multiple of times , or hold it open for bulb exposure . although the cord is not long enough to include the photographer in the picture , it was simple enough to make an " extension " that allows for very remote exposures
camera neg another lense jam problem . the lense cover accidentally slide open in my pocket , and the lense extended and jammed . this happened frequently with my old powershot s30 but never caused a problem . canon said the warranty is void because there 's a tiny dent on the front and back . they said any physical damage voids the warranty . i complained that the camera has an all metal body which dings easily . they gave me 20% off the repair
music neg out of all of the early ' 90s , l.a. gangster flicks , this one probably had the best set of chicano oldie tracks . the movie was laced with them , yet none are on the soundtrack . kind of a waste . sure , you can get those oldies anywhere . but it would be nice to have those songs from this movie on one cd . again , it was a good sequence they used . aside from that ; it 's okay , i guess , if you 're a fan of b-list l.a. chicano rappers . but , even if you are , you can get better music from their respective albums . lsob 's first cd from ' 91 was tight . if you have that , then you 're really not missing anything by letting the ' loca ' soundtrack pass .
camera pos one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife
camera neg i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least .
camera pos this film seems a lot better than kodak max 400 even though it is basically the same thing ( except for the fact that it 's black and white ) . i would n't recommend this for proffesionals , but it 's great for the average person
music pos i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song
camera pos we love this camera . it 's small , easy to use , has a big lcd screen and takes great pictures . fuji has always been a great product and this one is no exception
music pos i have been into vaisnava spirituality a long time , and they really got it , perfect and professional
music neg the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure .
camera pos i enjoy the tc80n3.you may think it 's costly , but the features are out standing.i think it was worth the buy.the only disappointment i have is there is no " on , off " power switch
music neg lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . i 'm already there and not a day goes by suffers from " amazed " syndrome . amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every ' 80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads 2 too much while making this album in nashville ? i 'm already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .
music neg i bought this because a few people had put it in their amazon lists . i just did n't like it at all . it is one of those albums where you play it , and you do n't take notice of it until the cd stops playing . it is very old and the music is simplistic . cool cover though
camera neg i thought my jvc digital camera was handy , easy to use and worked pretty well for what it was.. . then one day at my daughter 's ballet show , i turned it on ( i made sure i charged it all night ) and it would n't record . it kept saying that the lens cap was on . i am so frustrated and sad . i spent a good chunk of money on this item and do n't know what happened.. . still do n't have a way of recording my daughter 's milestones... . do n't buy it , if you have other options .
camera neg like others , mine will review pictures but shuts off almost immediately when in i turn it on in still mode . bought in december 2005 , it is now not working . it is scandalous that so many of us have the same issue and sony is not addressing it . sony should be forced to recall these cameras .
music pos i really enjoyed the song kids in america by no secrets . both of my children enjoyed it as well . in fact i have been looking for their cd or for more information on them . i thought they were cute , fresh , and brought a new touch to the song
camera neg nice looking . good quality . but the case has two large flaps on the sides which make it difficult to put the camera in and out .
camera pos do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment
camera neg this is first canon product that has disappointed me with its quality . they must acquire them from their chinese supplier for about 98 cents . this plastic device wobbles even when fully rotated to the detente position . i bought it to use with the canon 250d close-up lens and it 's barely adequate for that function . canon should refund anyone who mistakenly bought one of these hockey pucks .
camera neg i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
camera neg i ordered this digital frame for my husband for christmas , with the assurance from a " tech weenie " that it would work , based on the advertisement found at amazon . still uncertain whether the ad ( also found in philips cursory literature ) is really true . my husband is working with the " phone people " at philips to determine whether it will or will not interface with mac . if it does eventually work , the process has not been easy
camera pos i use this little gadget mainly for macro and portrait work . when you have it on the light emitting from the flash is diffused which gives you a more flattering less contrasty light to illuminate your subjects with . unless you are going for a very shadowy , high-contrast , image this diffuser can save the day . it is very light weight and easy to pack in small places , so you should never have a good reason to leave it behind . sometimes it is the simple things that make the biggest difference in a photo , and using this can defiantly make very noticeable differences
music neg i like how the people on here who turn to sarcasm when rating this cd think they 're funny . heh , so witty . anywho i 'm not a big fan of fall out boy , but there are a couple of good songs on this cd........notably grand theft autumn and saturday . those are really the only two that hold up its rating for me tho...2 stars
camera pos very easy to use . menuing is extremely intuitive . do n't forget to order spare disks , 30 mins goes by quick
camera neg the e550 is a good camera and this lens does do a good job of zooming in on the subject but due to the way the camera and lens are designed , you must have the camera 's zoom fully extended in order to use this tele lens . so this means if the subject is moving around a lot , such as my daughter playing soccer , you will miss the shots where the action has moved to close to you because you ca n't zoom out . as long as the action remains at some distance to you than this zoom lens is useful . i unfortunately have too many ruined shots because the action moved too close and their heads get cut off , etc. another negative is that the viewfinder does n't show the zoomed in image , you must use the lcd screen to frame a shot , which can be difficult in bright sunlight
camera pos this is my 5th digital camera . it is the best i have used in this size camera
music pos we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season .
camera neg did not get kodak max , instead recieved regular kodak crv3 battery . i thought i was ordering a better version , seller needs to change misleading picture !
music neg their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers
camera neg very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows
camera neg the camera takes a long time between pictures to regenerate for the next picture . compared to other digital camera 's this has presented a problem for the two users i purchased these camera 's for . also the flash does not adjust for the correct exposure at protraits within 3 to 5 feet . the pictures are too hot , over exposed and no adjustment works properly .
music pos .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful
camera neg this bag could be a bit larger and have more pockets . quite small for the price . just paying for the name on the bag
camera pos love this digital camera compared to our previous ones . we 're mostly a point-and-click family , and this is an easy-to-use camera that does a good point-and-click and gives an opportunity to do more if you should so choose some day
camera pos this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to .
music neg there are 2 good songs on this disc , stinkfist and aenema . the rest are pure crap . half of the tracks are n't even songs , they 're just a bunch of noise . no wonder tool wo n't put any of thier music on itunes or napster . they want you to buy the whole cd so they can have your $14 for like four real songs and ten tracks of filler crap . if you gave this cd 5 stars there is something wrong with you and you should be beaten severely
music pos i used to be a bigger fan of joe satriani than steve vai about 10 years ago . now i quickly get bored of new satriani albums , but vai 's music just moves me . lotus feet for example , wow , words cannot describe what that song does to me . thanks steve
music neg i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end
camera pos this battery is backwards compatible with the d50 , d70 / 70s , and is used in the d80 and d200. so if you have any nikon dslr and want a second battery , you want to get this one so that when you upgrade your camera you can use the battery . this battery has built-in circuitry that tells you the actual charge status of the battery , and it is accurate . this is a big deal ; *if you are using the d200 or d80* it lets you know when your really do need to switch batteries or charge up . this is the first battery i 've seen that is accurate in this regard . kudos to nikon . ( this feature does not work in the d50 / 70 / 70s but the battery otherwise works fine )
camera pos great flash , all the good qualities of the sb800 but less of the data dump and decision quagmire ! it has the built in flash disperser , its lighter than the 800 , so unless you 're into more info than you need , go with the sb600. oh , it has a shorter recycle time too .
music pos this music is undefinable ultimately . oh yes , one can say parts sound like hard rock or progressive . one can say many things about it . for me , this , along with " up the downstairs " are probably their two best and they are both as different as night and day . i 've become a collector of pt 's stuff and like most of it very much indeed . check out some of the side projects of the members in the band- -like blackfield and no-man . they are worth good listenings too . but , you know , this would n't be a bad album to start your pt experience with . no , not at all
music neg this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you
music neg kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album
camera pos i recently purchased this for use with my 550ex . if you use alot of flash for event photography , you will want this in your kit . it is expensive , but i think it is worth every penny . it will keep you from changing aas in your strobe and it quickens the recycle times to nearly instant . you can shoot bursts and still get the proper flash exposure . you can attach a strap to sling it over your shoulder or slip it on your belt . mounting on my 20d was just not comfortable . it gets in the way of the hand-grip
camera neg this camera took some great pictures , and i enjoyed it 's size and functionality for several months . i was sitting in a lawn chair at a barbecue last weekend when i was passing it to a friend who was also seated . the camera fell about 2 feet onto soft grass . the end . the lens assembly is shot , according to my local camera store , not economical to fix . this was about the softest fall a camera could take , and not work , it was like landing on a pillow . i will not buy hp cameras again
music pos ummm if you buy it you will know i borrowed it from a friend and he never got it back...so i bought him another
music neg first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing
camera pos i bought this camera to take pictures of my sons playing basketball . my other camera shot dark grainy pictures indoor . i have had a lot of success with this and really nice outdoor shots as well . what i just started playing with , and i love is the video feature . it is so easy to use and the images are better than i expected . i bought this camera in december as a present to myself and i have used it constantly and recharged the battery twice . this is major to me as my nikon was devouring batteries in an afternoon . the optical zoom is clean , but the digital is definitely noisy . i have had fun shooting pictures of my kids because the shutter speed is so quick and i do n't miss the shot .
music neg i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music .
camera pos i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr
camera pos i recently bought this lens amid trepidation that the 85mm focal length would overwhelm the x1.6 crop factor of my digital rebel xl . my worries were needless : just a step or two back from the subject plus some getting used to the telephoto perspective were enough to turn this lens into the most effective portrait lens that i have . when attached to my eos elan 7n film camera , however , the lens really truly comes into its own , as the full frame 35mm slr delivers the entire focal range of this lens . the focused image is incredibly crisp compared to any other non-l grade lens . and i agree that this lens deserves the red ring of courage around it , like the l lenses have . this glass is absolutely essential in a very short list of affordable lenses , and should give many of the non-affordable ones a run for their money . solidly built too , with an old-fashioned no-nonsense look to it . i highly recommend it
camera pos i had the tokina 12-24 f4 and it was a great sharp lens . this canon focuses faster and is wider . if you 're worried about full frame in the future do n't be . just buy this lens and enjoy the ultra wide images . it light , fast and sharp . " l " quality pictures . the build could be better but i do n't see any problems down the road .
music neg i just finished seeing the movie and loved the song at the end and immediately started looking up amazon for this song . thanks to melania for pointing out the song title at the end . i realize this cd is just a soundtrack , but typically most soundtracks also include the ending songs . it is just plain dumb not to include the best music in this cd . my vote - do not buy this cd . the soundtrack is all pretty generic stuff . but get the ending title song if you can - it 's great .
music pos rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes a claque c'est tout
camera neg we never dropped our camera and until now its still looks fresh and new . and one day , the lens just wo n't open . it lights up then after a few seconds , it turns off automatically . called a up a kodak service center and they gave me a quote for repair . the price they 've given me is close to my purchase price here in amazon ! i 'll never buy a kodak camera again until they come up with a good pricing for repairs . i do believe that all electronic gadgets die at some point . so i 'm expecting a believable quote for repairs . i think kodak is making expensive disposable digital camera
music pos though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone
camera neg i bought this frame as a gift for my parents and ended up returning it . the price was right but the quality was poor and there were 2 spots on the screen that looked like they were already burned out ( displaying blue and green pixels ) . i did enjoy the fact that it hooks right up to the computer with a usb port but that is about all . overall do n't waste your time and money
camera neg well at least , some stuff is cool , free cam bag , the pics come out excellent . the video feature is really crappy and when you play back video its very choppy and the audio is a little hard to know whats being heard . also you could through dozens of batteries with this cam . the adapter doesnt help only if youre going to sit down and review whats on it or keep the power from draining . the sd card kept popping out for someone which caused the cam to " freeze up " . bottom line...i recommend at least researching other brands of mini-tapeless cams...but this one...isnt worth 159 or whatever . its trash . go for something else
music neg i tried to listen to samples of the songs and you have them all wrong . i click on one song and get another from on the list . what gives anyway
music neg i love the song " nasca lines " which i first heard on a putamayo world music cd , so i ordered " under one sky " since it has " nasca lines . " i figured all the music would be as good , but i was so disappointed . it was very jazzy , which i hate . i 'm going back to the putamayo cds
camera pos i 've purchased other bags but this one beats all & it was a great price to
camera pos pros : compact and complete , this portable lighting studio offers flexibility with it 's reversible backdrop ( gray / blue ) . i also have used the black back panel for some shots as well . construction quality is good ( i found one of my cats sleeping on the top panel , which is fabric and held in place with velcro tabs ) , sturdy enough for its intended purpose . i like the output of the lights- -seems to be a broad spectrum similar to daylight . cons : only one complaint : the output of the lights could be stronger . requires a tripod to gain depth of field with a smaller aperture
camera pos i am starting my career as a professional photographer , and i have n't had any problems with these filters . they come in a nice case , and are easy to attach to my lenses .
camera pos xti is feature laden , but takes fantastic " point and shoot " photos . seems to be a significant improvement on canon 's rebel xt , a wonderful camera . for the money , the best slr going
music neg i own all of bebo norman 's cds , and i love all of them , except for this one . i bought it and listened to it once , and i hated it . it does not sound like bebo . this sounds like steven curtis chapman or michael w . smith or any of the other mass produced christian / pop music artists . on all of his previous albums , even though he changed his sound slightly , it was still generally very acoustic and bebo-ish . this album sounds nothing like his previous music . i was disappointed .
music neg zoolook~ jean-michel jarre is a case where the artist is way to avant-garde for his own best . after having made amazing albums such as oxygene , equinox and magnetic fields he unfortunately creates this mess of an album . i find it a bit too much like modern art , i.e. , confusing , confounding and impossible to grasp . it also seems like jarre was a bit over confident when he recorded this album . he had recorded some of the best synth albums of all time and decided to create a total arts album and it just does not work . this is an album that should have stayed unrealesed since it is just to avant-garde and sounds more like an experimental sound session rather then as a well produced album . very disapointing indeed !
camera neg i agree with the people complaining about the poor cs policy at jvc . they let me down as well , when it was obvious the camera was poorly designed and built . i am now using a different brand and will definitely avoid jvc in the future . i just hate it when companies do not care about their customers but just about profit . this will come back and bite them in the behind
camera neg so i get my camera and first off they basically lie because they act like you have a lot of memory on it to start off but you dont.then after a week it just stops working.dont get it , theres no flash whatsoeve
music pos this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip
music pos this is one of the truly great handel opera recordings of the last twenty years . as usual , nicholas mcgegan proves himself to be one of the two or three greatest handelian conductors of our time . the singing from beginning to end is first class . this opera is known for the famous largo " ombra mai fu , " but the music in this entire performance is a sheer delight
camera pos i purchased this kit , primarily for the extra battery , which retails for about what i paid for this item . having the backup battery is great , but i was pleasantly suprised by the soft case . it protects my dsc-p200 , without being bulky or heavy . with the camera being so small , it was hard to find good protection without spending quite a bit of money . the case for the memory sticks is nice as well . it is easy to lose a stick if it 's just floating around and the case keeps them securely . all in all , this is an excellent value
music pos i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill .
camera neg ok , maybe a 1 star is actually fair since my nose does n't smudge the lcd screen as much . the most annoying thing for me is it constantly falls off the camera . both my 30d and rebel xt . if i am lucky enough it will fall off , get lost and eventually i will not be reminded i wasted money on this accesory
camera neg my 5-year old daughter spent all day taking pictures of her and her baby sister in san francisco . we put new batteries in that morning . the next day i was wondering why the picture numbers had reset . when i tried to download the pictures to my computer , they were all gone , and the battery icon was flashing . based on what i 've read here , it appears the batteries died after one day of use and the pictures were all erased . the picture quality is about the same as an old camera phone - - pretty poor , but good enough for my 5-year to enjoy . but what good is that when there are n't even any pictures the next day . i 'm hoping the store will take it back
camera pos this is something you will really need to keep you camcorder save and sound . defenitely worth the money
camera neg probably would buy other camera if i could do over this one takes along time to gechage after flash . it is very touchy and you get alot of blurred pictures . you have to learn how to be very steady with it
music neg i heard that song recently " three strange days " ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit
music pos i 'm not particularly familiar with sonic youth and the bits i 've heard from their other albums have n't really grabbed me . this does . the rhythm section would n't be out of place in pseudo-tribal funk , the guitars are dissonant , jangling , sometimes hypnotically repetitive , and just plain weird , and the vocals are distant , airy , lazy . some of the best music i 've heard in a good long while
camera neg i bought this to play back old hi8 tapes so i could transfer them to dvd . however , there is no s-video out and no stereo out . video quality was bad : output was noisey and reds were over saturated . i imagine this is because there is no s-video out . i returned it and have ordered a sony gv-d200. hopefully it will give me better quality since it was more than twice as much . there are some cheaper used options available , e.g. sony evo-250
music neg i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed .
music pos the fisrt cd is alot better than this one , but this one is still okay . i only liked one song on this disc and it is . track 4. will the circle be unbroken / i 'll fly away / jesus loves me . do n't get me wrong the music is beautiful , but i think the first one is alot better
music neg i think someone forgot to tell molotov that rap-metal / rock-rap was dead . had potential , but the simple riffage and annoying rapping killed it for me
camera pos yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time
music pos for those who have watched the movie jaws ( ask yourself , who has n't ) will know that one of many key elements that made the movie a huge success was the fantastic score john williams did for it . this cd captures all the music from the movie perfectly , with some new elements thrown in that are not found in the film . the linear notes are bright and colourful and provide some interesting information , which gives the overall package a nice touch . the overall cd package is certainly not a rushed effort and is worth every cent . a highly recommended purchase for those who love their soundtracks or anyone who wants to relive the film through the music
music neg this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " .
camera pos i 've had other 3 digital cameras and this is the best i think , i shots very quick , flash is brighty , and even soft flash for more natural shots . can browse pictures very fast and is has a lot of posibilities to edit inside the camera , is light tiny and slim . one of the best cameras . i do n't find a negative feature on it . i love it
camera neg i just bought this camera and took it to one of my kid 's indoor soccer games . the light was low , but not that low . you should be able to take a picture without the flash . when i took the flash off , the picture looked fine on the preview , but came out completely black . yet the camera was able to take perfectly fine video at the same light level ! what a disappointment . i am going to try to return it
music pos brian regan is simply a comedic genius . this cd is especially funny after having seen him live- -you can just picture his hilarious gestures and facial expressions ! he has managed to create a hysterical routine based on the silly stuff we 've all said / done / thought . while i too enjoy comedians who are more " cutting edge " , i do n't think a routine has to be peppered with profanity to be funny . this cd is well worth any price ; check out his dvd and his live show , too
camera neg yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
music neg the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there .
music neg http : / / www.strangeland.com / asp / show.asp ? id=13635 http : / / www3.strangeland.com / asp / show.asp ? id=99
camera neg i was not satisfied with the quality of the digital pictures on this ziga digital frame . i returned it
camera neg i bought this camera for my 13-year old son to take with him on a soccer trip to bermuda . it was ok . felt sort of cheap , but seemed like it would do what it was supposed to . big drawback....there is no lens cover that slips into place when a picture is n't being shot , so the danger of scratching the lens is immense . my son was so afraid of scratching the lens , that he barely used it . some of the few pictures that he did take were ok , but others were not of the best quality . i think this camera is a bit too costly for what you get , and i 'm surprised , because i usually love samsung products
music neg this recording is not great company . i 'm really confused : is it a broadway recording or a very poor amatuer recording ? and if so , did this rubbish actually make it to the broadway stage ? i feel for the people that saw it , and were expecting the rich full melodies that sondheim produced for this show . the musical director for this abomination should be called a mutilation director , because that is precisely what he did to the music of this show . so the only advice i give to future musical directors that want to revive and revamp a show : if it 's not broke , please , please , please do n't try and fix it ! some things are just perfect the way they are . do n't buy this cd . i did and it is now a coaster where it gets better use
music pos the ufo space travel theme of astonomy domine is continued on let there be more light saucerful of secrets and set the controls . rick wrights two songs are real good remember a day is one of the best on here . seesaw has interesting percusson . corporal clegg floyds first ww2 song is upbeat syds song jugband blues is one of the best early pink floyd songs.saucerful of secerets is a good early pink floyd cd it is an important part of pink floyds history .
music neg while filled with talented performers , this cd sucks . rocky is a campy , 1970 's b-movie , that 's what makes it enjoyable . even as a stage show it 's a hokey , rock-and-roll extravaganza . this cd tries to turn rocky into thoroughly modern millie , and it just does n't work . the corny sci-fi sound and less than amazing vocals are just what make rocky..rocky . this cast has so much less enthusiasm and energy than the original roxy cast . and lastly , tim curry is frank . his rendition is too ingrained in my head for me to accept the twangy annoyance that is the frank on this album . ripley is a little too legit for janet , and the female eddie weirds me out . buy the roxy cast . it 's so superior it 's almost laughable .
music neg i absolutely love charlotte church 's voice , but i could n't stand even 1 song on this cd . she 's lowered herself to a " brittany spears-wanna-be . " monotone songs , horrible bass , every song sounds the same . i am extremely disappointed in this collection of music . buy this one and you 're just wasting your money . would the real charlotte church please come back ? ? ? ?
music neg anyone ever see any of these rap " artists " perform live ? they 're the most boring , derivative " entertainers " in the world . they walk up and down the stage grabbing their crotch and yell their lyrics . they go from talking on records to yelling on stage . quite a stretch . all this is done with about thirty of their no-name friends prancing around stage with microphones saying " yeah ! " " uh-huh ! " " what ! " " that 's right ! " " uh ! " etc. get real . meanwhile , the only " music " provided is a backing track cued by some dude backstage . it makes for the most dull , predictable " concert " you 'll ever see . i ca n't wait until all this nonsense just disappears . in a world of common sense , these idiots would still be flipping burgers at mcdonald's .
camera neg please buy a different camera . i have owned 5 different pocket digital cameras . under normal wear and tear , the cannon sd400 's lcd screen broke where other cameras i 've owned have not . i just purchased the nikon s7c with a bigger screen that is so well protected that i can hit it with no adverse affect . if you do buy the sd400 , set aside the $150 you 'll likely need to replace the lcd
music neg this is the album when ja officially became a b*tch . his first 2 albums was good , i enjoyed them both and those are highly recommended . i hated this s*it from start to finish . this is a waste of space in the cd case . how can you be a murderer and a singer at the same time ? now i do n't mind too much about redoing a song about or with a dead rapper , but you should 've at least knew him muthaf***er ! another disembowelment to one of pac 's classics . i stopped listenin ' to ja because he made a big change . not cause of 50. unlike some turncoat fans .
camera pos price went up ! ! ! great value for money spent . will be buying a " ball " attachment for better adjustability . got some great steady shots with 48x digital zoom with the canon s2 i
music pos i love this soundtrack ! it stands alone as beautiful , haunting , alluring , and innocent- -just as griet herself was in the film . desplat perfectly captured the spirit of the story , enhanced and deepened a plot that was less than stellar . scarlett johanssen 's acting is superb , as well as essie davis and colin firth . the story , though , was a bit tired- -pretty housemaid / jealous wife / do-nothing husband . its portrayal of vermeer and his wife was a disservice to the real people , even though it is a fictionalized account . the two best tracks on this album are ' griet 's theme ' and ' colours in the clouds' . while i 'm not keen on seeing the film again , this soundtrack is a treasure . it 's a real work of art , second only to vermeer 's work
camera neg i received this filter and it had been used , seals were open and case that holds filters cracked , piece of plastic floating loose inside , smug marks on it . i was shocked , i order from amazon all the time and never had anything show up like this .
music pos top to bottom this album has it all - makes you laugh , makes you think , makes you want to dance . i ca n't wait till mainstream finally catches up and the music industry finally recognizes what a gift todd snider is and the talent he posseses . his music will inspire you to move something whether it 's your brain or your bottom ! check him out
music pos anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! !
music neg as much as it pains me to say it this live cd is not a worthy billy joel release . in fact one wonders why it was released at all . billy 's voice is strained and is prone to over singing and the arrangements are overblown . from the sound of things billy sounds like he was drunk or on medication . a lot of the running time is waisted with lengthy monologues with the audience . why this was put on the cd is anyones guess but it just neans less songs ! however the good news is that this cd has now been blown away by his superb new 12 gardens cd in which billy is the billy of old . the one who sung well and sung the songs straight as they were meant to be sung . 12 gardens is crammed with 32 songs rather than the 26 on offer here and there 's no timewaisting audience chat ! !
music neg this is another " rip-off " cd . 3 songs and a video , do n't make this a good purchase . i expect a cd to have , at least , 8-10 songs on it .
music pos i purchased this cd during the lowest time of my life emotionally . every track brought solace and comfort beyond belief , especially the title track , deep peace . i would listen to it over and over , bathing in the lush healing sounds . each element , from the perfectly balanced vocals to the simple piano and violin motifs , is seemingly structured at a spiritual level . this is more than ambient music , it 's true music therapy .
camera neg the default supplier for this item is adorama . they have sku numbers mixed up on the back end , so they will ship you the hp 6221 dock instead . will not work with the r series . they do not even carry the actual hp 8887 dock . huge hassles , so click on the new and used link and buy directly from amazon . it 's a few dollars more , but at least you get the right item
camera neg the battery is half the side of the battery came with the camera an last half the time , an number or not the same , an it , s not the same battery . do not buy any thing from them because lying about what they are selling
camera neg the camera worked perfectly for one week and then stopped working permanently . i just sent it off for repairs and have not received a diagnosis as to the root of the problem
music pos incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back
music neg i do n't see the comparison to jeff buckley at all ! that was a singer who had more talent in his little pinky than this band has on the entire album . all the songs are much too similar , the guy 's voice gets boring to listen to after a while and , if you remember london suede , has a very similar sound to them ( though i will say that london suede was much better ) . no one has come close to the pipes of j . buckley ( or even tim b . , for that matter ) in years and this does n't count any where near that , either
camera pos this monopod does a great job for my camera . you have the quick , easy-off , it attatches to your camera by a screw , and you can press the button on the side of the monopod and just slide your camera right off of it quickly . i wanted a nice , inexpensive monopod for my new zoom lense . i have a canon 35mm , and i recently purchased a 75-300 zoom lense for it , and i needed a monopod to stabilize the shoot . if i knew then what i know now , i would buy it again . nice product
music neg this is definitely not a bad collection , but there are so many better ones out there , that this should not be your first choice . the song sweet emotion has been completely destroyed on this album . the entire bass intro has been cut out , and the song starts about an entire minute into it . there really is no reason to do this , as even on the radio , they play the entire thing , as it runs about 4 and a half minutes long . the song starts at a terrible place too . it sounds like it would if you turned on your radio to the middle of the song , then just stuck it on the cd that way . again , not a terrible compilation , but definitely not a good first choice
camera pos while not on the ' highest end ' of tripod purchases , this one is a must for anyone owning a hdr-hc1 or other compatable camcorder . operating the camera from the tripod ( rather than the touch screen ) provides steady footage for the amatuer videographer . the unit assembles easily and has stable panning and rotation . the only drawback is the soft storage bag which does n't provide adequate head protection
camera neg hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! !
music neg as others have noted , this turns out to be only a handful of lullabyes in spanish sung by maria del rey , plus nursery rhymes spoken by children and men ( not very good for putting a baby to sleep ) , plus the whole thing repeated in english . in addition , i had been looking for traditional latin american pieces and apparently all of these are contemporary . do n't waste your money...i 'm planning on giving my copy away if i can figure out someone i know who could actually use it
camera pos this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++
camera pos since this is my first digital camera , i really ca n't compair it to others out there . however , it does everything i need it to do and has more features than i make use of ! i 've never had a problem with it
music neg one word . generic . terrible . boring . ( well , they are all one word ) people must learn to have a better taste in music . granted there is at least one good song . a few others are decent , but only because there are no vocals . if you have heard any new band for the last 3 years , you have heard pulse ultra . my friend likes breaking binjaman ( another uber generic rock band in my book ) and he listened to 2 songs from pulse ultra and said " thats enough " . do yourself a favor and buy a good cd . when will people learn !
camera neg cons only , no pros : the velcro closure is week and opens easily terrible look the side zippers are a mistery , totally useless no space for extra memory or battery attaches only to a very small belt the flash opens spontaneously while inserting the camera in its pouch making it difficult to get it out later on and probably damaging the flash
music neg no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts
music pos robbie 's flow corses through your veins causing a feeling of total ecstacy and rejuvination . to have a cd that has the power to lift your spirit and your soul is something i feel so honored to have in my possesion . hats off to robbie
music pos this is the first of alison 's album 's that i bought , many years ago.....i 've watched her career blossom.....she was an unknown when she recorded this album but in my opinon , it 's her best ! true bluegrass , beautiful voice , wonderful music ! i 've had the opportunity to see her and the band in concert several times and their music never leaves me disappointed
music pos this cd is perfect for driving . the downtempo / beat driven ambient feel and overall togetherness of this cd is a perfect choice for easy electronic listening . overall very pleased with mr. schnauss ' contribution to the genre . highly reccomende
camera neg i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting
camera pos your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi
music pos i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is
camera neg have never before provided a negative review but this is a product to avoid . instructions worthless - - only learned by reading reviews here that it is possible to change some display settings then went to much trial and error . after getting best possible settings , main problem is still picture quality : using high quality jpg files as input , photos display with about the visual sharpness of the sunday funnies - - individual dots very noticeable even at some distance . not at all like what i have seen in other digital picture frames . just arrived from amazon and intended as a v-day gift ( tomorrow ) for my wife , big disappointment , guess i better make a dash to the florist .
music pos i have just purchased this cd ( the day it came out ! ) and from what i 've heard , it is amazing , surpassing ( but not replacing ) boulez 's earlier recording . if you are a fan of boulez , 20th century music , or music in general , this is a must get
music pos i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down .
music pos i had been hearing " always thinking of you . " but , i never got who it was . i purchased xm radio and on the smooth jazz channel , i heard the cut again and got the artist name . purchased the cd based on that one cut . every cut is great on this cd . i look forward to catching him live at some point and will continue to look for more from him in the future . he has his own style . but , not only do you hear hints of benson and brown..........i hear a little doc powell as well . i will be introducing friends to this great artist............keep it coming........... .
camera neg i wish that i could review how well this charger works , but unfortunately i can't . the reason is because it was dead on arrival . i essentially bought a $20.00 ( with eek technology 's outrageous shipping ) brick . it never worked , ever , and shipping it back to exchange would cost more than a new unit ! at least i have the 4 batteries it came with , so it is n't a total loss . do n't make the same mistake . steer clear of this piece of junk
camera pos i bought this together with the sony alpha ( very good deal from amazon ) . the lens is a great complement to the kit lens or the identical but older km 18-70. images are very sharp and the lens is built very well . great for wildlife imaging . the other reviewers are right ; the af is n't too good at the long end of this lens but overall a great camera . the end of the lens does rotate while zooming . it may not be good for some filters
music pos those who liked suede may be looking for more of the same from the tears , but despite the obviously recognisable vocals from brett , and the familiar wailing of bernard 's guitar , this marks a watershed in their repertoire . the most obvious difference is that all the songs seem to have been crafted as ' hits ' ( much more radio-friendly , and why not ? ) . it 's also a more mellow sound than suede ( there were fewer opportunities for vigorous bouncing and hand-clapping at the tears concert i attended ) . another important difference is the guitar work , with bernard soaring off into sonic highs not experienced since reeves gabrels and tin machine . among the better songs are apollo 13 , brave new century , refugees and co-star . though brett and bernard are capable of better , this is a shot in the arm for us disenfranchised suede-heads , and i recommend you turn it up loud
camera pos this lens works really fast . it is a great lens . captures the color in real depth and detail with my canon 20d camera
music pos one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is
music neg i bought the cd because i thought it was instrumental music . then i hit the tracks with vocals - yikes ! this is the only cd of lee ritenour that i bought . i am a first time listener . i must say that i do like the instrumental music very much . however , i really hate the tracks with vocals .
camera pos works great on my s2is , clicked on silver on main page but switched to black on order form , did n't notice this but i like the black anyway . looks good with acc
music pos have loved this album since it first came out years ago ( bought on vinyl - lost to the mists of time ) . the cd was out of print but i kept looking and found it on amazon ( it was re-released ) , yeah ! ! ! ! last steam engine , from the cradle to the grave , louise , owls , you do n't have to need me - some of my favorites . this , to me , is kottke in his prime
music neg ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend
camera pos i needed this tripod to use with my 20x50 binoculars since the least movement with 20x magnification causes the subject to wind up outside the viewing field . this tripod works well for that use . it is sturdy , has lots of features and is reasonably priced . however , if you wish to use the tripod for binoculars , a right angle adapter will be needed . i found one on ebay for a few dollars .
music neg the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl
camera pos takes great pics and the 3 " screen is really nice . wall plug in recharger is nice also . i have taken pics outside in sunny , overcast , & rainy conditions . indoors at sporting events and around the house . in all settings the pics have been truly wonderful . a few instances of blurriness caused by an unsteady hand but otherwise very nice pics . however , as canon 's top of the line powershot commanding a higher dollar price this camera really should have a higher optical zoom . 3x isnt enough when other , cheaper cameras have 6x optical zoom . also image stabilzation should be included
music neg i love the sludge and the roar but the vocals are monotone and the lyrics laughable . gimme earth or sunno ) ) ) anyday
camera neg amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide .
camera pos i own several canon lens for my 20d and this is hands down the best . i had a 28-135 which was a very good lens regardless of some reviews , and i got many excellent photos with it - this is distinctly better in all ways . ( of course , it costs a lot more ) . recently went with the grandchildred to sea world and i got 100% good photos , with several really outstanding ones . it is light , accurate and has is - what more do you want ? you can replace a slew of lens with this one and perhaps selling the old ones will help pay for it . bought it as soon as it was available and have not regretted it one moment . if you have one lens , this is the one
camera pos slightly smaller than the charger that comes with the s ( 40 , 45 , 50 , ... ) series cameras and the digital rebel series cameras . seems to charge in about the same time . feels a bit more substantial , but that 's not saying much as the chargers that come with those cameras seem pretty flimsy . i ca n't give it 5 stars because it does nothing more than the chargers that come with the cameras ( which i lost )
camera pos solid construction , good optics , nice sound . as mentioned by others , the output for the usb transfer is found in the handycam console and not the camera itself...a minor annoyance . all in all , this is a good camera that is touch pricy but you do get what you pay for... .
music pos eddie 's first all-studio recording , and the album that got me hooked . i must say that even though they are uncomparably fantastic live , this album demonstrates the range and diversity of eddie from ohio . " oh my brother " is a particular favorite with julie murphy wells displaying her amazing range and beautiful voice , and robbie schaffer 's talent for emoting the absolute best of a heartwrenching situation . if this song does n't touch your heart , you have no appreciation for music . a particular plus on this album is a beautiful violin solo of " yerushalyim shel zahav " by guest musician pete wilson on " jerusalem , " another song by robbie , this time also performed by him . as always , the amazing prowess of this group is displayed magnificently
camera neg just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it
music neg i was very disappointed with this volume . the past 2 volumes had great retro / loungy mixes and this new one is too repetitive and clubby . i was excited to see the postal service doing a mix , however it sounded just like any of their other songs . this cd sucks .
camera pos this fugifilm padded soft case is strong , durable and very attractive . it was more than i expected . it is very professional looking
camera pos i recently purchased this camera . it arrived one day before i was due to fly out to palm springs . i took lots of pictures with this camera and was pleased with all of them except the night time pictures . this may or may not be because i am a novice photographer . even with the night time setting my pictures came out blurry , but all others came out better than i ever expected . i think once i play around with it , my night time pictures will improve , but straight out the box this was kinda disappointing to me . no regrets with this purchase though . also , buy a larger memory stick . the one that comes with the camera only stored 6 pictures and i had to run out and buy another .
camera neg i wear glasses and press against the viewfinder as hard as i can to help keep the shot stable ( i shoot birds at 700mm ) . the first thing my friend and i did was to compare two identical lenses / cameras etc. - one with , one without , the extender . result : - the image appeared the same size , and the extender slightly blurred the image . in other words - completely useless
camera neg here 's one more a95 to add to the ever increasing list of e18 failures . thanks to the horror stories from the other posters i 'm not even going to waste my time trying to get this repaired . the camera is only about 2 years old.. . guess i 'll put it back in the box and wait to see the outcome from the class action suits ! the camera really performed nicely when it was working.. . thus the 2 stars . hope you have better luck than me if you get one
music neg id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both
camera neg although easy to load a smart card , this viewer was disappointing in quality . my pictures look fine on my computer , but the pictures were dark and there was no instruction on how to change the contrast etc. ( although i found that it the picture could be adjusted , it was never mentioned in the manual ) . the manual is , because of the comment above , disgustingly incomplete . if not going through the bother of returning it through amazon because i purchased it on line , i would not have kept it . i actually bought another digital frame that was smaller and cheaper and it was worse , otherwise i would have given it only one star . i could have purchased a unit a circuit city or bestbuy and been better off
camera neg got this from toys-r-us for 35 dollars , it stopped working within a week , if there was a rating less than one star i 'd give it that , they should call it dummy - buyer - you 've - been - conned camera ki
music neg i gave this a good listen , but did not find it all that funny ... or memorable
music neg this cd has some good songs on it , but the majority of them are less than 2 minutes ! it 's kind of a rip off since the songs are much shorter than i expected . they are mixed together , and sometimes a song is so short that the one before it is still fading out by the time the song after it has started ! if you do n't mind really short songs , buy this , but i would n't recommend it otherwise
music neg this album is not what i call a album first 4 trackz are the tightest with the tightest beats . best track on here is " i practice looking hard " probably one of the best trackz he eva made in his whole career i love that song but otha than that " captain save a hoe " and " mail man " are a discrace . he shouldnt have even made this cd until he got more track
music pos this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules
camera pos i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall
music pos anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great
music pos with his snarling , gritty guitar tones , swampy grooves , and scratchy vocals , c.c. adcock makes butt-shakin ' music that blends rockabilly , old-school memphis r&b , new orleans funk , cajun dancehall tunes , and juke-joint blues . he 's young , but no poseur : having paid dues with bo diddley and buckwheat zydeco , adcock knows rootsy textures like the back of his hand . but despite the tremolo guitar and slapped upright bass , this is n't a retro-sounding record . adcock and his various producers bring a hip sonic edge to the music that keeps the moods fresh and the vibe ominous . doyle bramhall joins adcock on two songs , and together they raise 6-string hell . boasting richly layered guitars and heaps of attitude , adcock 's music is soulful , somewhat twisted , and deeply satisfying
music neg this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves .
camera neg there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
camera pos i was a little skeptical on this product because of the cheap price and the lack of reviews . but it is just what it says it is , and i am really happy with my purchase . i would definitely buy this again
music neg i did n't really feel like some of the songs were really love songs . a lot of these songs i had not even heard before .
music pos ca n't say enough about how great this record is . it still stands the test of time by remaining relevant . " summerland , " and " mission man " are my personal favs , but the whole album deserves raves
camera neg this battery does not fit the camera i purchased . the camera comes with a battery , so why did you try to sell me another one , one that does not fit , no less ? i have returned the battery but have not heard back from you on the return . it has been two weeks
camera neg my cheap 10x50 rugged exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . the rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and i could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round " binocular effect " . i did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but i doubt it
music neg there are only a couple of songs i did like on this cd . i did enjoy ice cube and aaliyah , but the rest of the cd left me cold . i do think that if you can just find the two songs and pay to download them , it would have been better ! i suggest borrowing first from a friend and seeing if you actually like it first before you buy .
music neg item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one
music pos really enjoyed hearing all of them again . there is some great talent on here . i hope they all get their own opportunities ! i do think in some cases there are some better songs to show off these great singers voices .
camera neg yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
music neg je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans
music neg ( it ? ) i have many of david and japan 's albums , but this thinly composed album is repetitive , boring and annoying . i think there were some hidden tracks too , but i just wanted the album to be over . you are better off with " dead bees on a cake " , " secrets of the beehive " or any bee related titled album of his
camera neg well of course i read the previous reviews regarding amazon shipping the grey-market version of this timer and figured that certainly by now they were shipping a us version.. . wrong ! i just received mine today and it 's got the international warranty card and users manual . i have n't decided if i 'm going to return it or not but figured that anyone else considering ordering this item should be advised that it appears that amazon is only shipping the grey-market version of this unit
music pos umm...i do n't think you quite got the point of this album . it is not about the artists that you like , it is about the artists that inspired moore . your ignorance forces me to do nothing but laugh . i find it funny that you feel you are making a point by saying " f*ck you soad " and so on . have some respect for other 's opinions . unfortunately , you are a steriotypical " ignorant american " .so with all that said , and with all due respect , i say , f*ck you pal
camera neg very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows
camera neg i bought three of these - - one for myself and one for each pair of grandparents . two of them stopped working . one of the two had tons of bad pixels and the other one just stopped . unfortunately , out of the warranty period ! and inquiry to the manufacturer has been ignored . i 'm out a lot of money for this garbage . do not waste your money on this garbage ! ! ! !
camera neg i loved this camera but i have had to send it back 3 times for the infamous " system error 2 " design fault which plagues many of these . the repair service is slow - the camera has been in repair 50% of the year i have had it
music neg paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for
music neg i really think snoop is a good rapper . he should only have stopped 10 years ago . i 'm very tired of his gizzle wizzle nizzle stuff , and i do n't like none of the beats here . and what 's left then ? nothing . i found out after i bought this album : i 'm not a snoop fan anymore.. . old school is the bes
music pos i have seen joe many years ago when he had played in a group called bloodline and he is even better now
camera neg i bought this with my camera and i guess i didnt realize i could get 3 sony tapes at walmart for the same price . my bad . but i would recommend you get the sony ones locally versus spending $14 on one tape
camera neg the s9000 fits perfectly in the case . too bad the case has no strap and no belt loop . apparently , the camera strap is supposed to function as the case strap also . too bad the camera strap is extremely short , made for very small people . so , instead of returning it and using a generic case that would not protectthe camera as well , i will adapt the case to work for me . i will get a bigger aftermarket strap for the camera . i can take the case to my seamstress and have a belt loop sewn on . it will work but only after extensive modification . great camera design so it 's odd that the case appears to have been designed by someone who has never used a camera before
music neg listening to this album made me question my own life . it is simply unoriginal , boring and really bad . save your money
camera pos this is the best price i found for my second rechargeable battery for my nikon coolpix 5200. it 's perfect , and so nice to have a second battery ! ! ! it was shipped so fast , i received it within a few days
camera pos the remote control works well with the olympus digital camera . it was delivered on time and without any problems .
music neg jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time
camera pos after much research i finally found the binoculars that fit my every need . the price was right , the delivery was right on schedule , and the product is excellent
music neg i bought 4 of their cd 's from amazon after hearing the song " bad days " in a batman movie . this cd is the worst of the 4 i bought . not one good song . totally lame . i 'm not even going to stick someone else with it . i 'm just going to throw it out
camera pos i was able to scout out the different case options for my sony dsc-n1. after much review , i asked my wife for her opinion and she picked the lcs-nb . it holds the camera nice and snug but you could work in a memory stick or battery . so far , so good
music pos what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins .
camera pos it gave me the option to change the angle of the light.. . this is a nice option to have i am sure
music pos very good piece of music history . i still like the lp 's sound a bit better then cd 's due to some of the characteristic noise flaws but unfortunately lp 's do not play in the car .
camera pos all i can say is , if you know what you 're doing ( basic knowledge in digital photography ) you 'll love this camera . adobe photoshop would be nice to have , too , if you like to play around with the pictures to make it more better . have fun
music pos this album is absolutely beautiful . the full musical sound and talent of calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of iron & wine make the perfect match . it 's almost unheard of that i love every song on an album , but this one makes the cut . each song wraps you in a warm trance , a coccoon of well-being . it has a really positive emotional effect on me . it creates an ambiance of gentle strength . wonderful . i really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums
camera pos i took this case with me to my trip to new zealand and it allowed me to take amazing pictures of rafting and cave tubing . if i did n't have this case i would have missed out on amazing shots . it 's a great way to protect your camera from sand as well . i loved it so much i actually bought one for my sister as well . it is a great investment for anyone that does n't want to worry about their camera getting ruined and also wants to take amazing underwater pictures and videos
camera neg fuji fails to honor warrantee - do n't buy from them do not buy the fuji digital camera . they charged me $[...] for a fix within the warrantee period . their support manager told my wife the cameras are not being built well and dust gets inside destroying the gears . rather than fixing them they replace them and then they charged me for the replacement even though it still had months left on the warrantee . [...
music pos i 've gotten a copy of this cd for every friend i have so they can know what i 'm talking about when i crack a random joke . my mom even loves it and she would not be considered the ' target market' . for mitch check out his first cd , if you can find it in stores , if not , go online
camera pos i love the new digital canon . the only problem is it 's not nearly as tough as it 's film twin . i had the camera less than a month when the pop-up flash quit working . the canon people have been great , and very helpful , but i 'd rather not have had to send a brand new camera back to the factory . the photos , however , are wonderful . film quality for the most part - printable and enlargable . ( it would probably be better to use the camera with a tripod when using the 300mm telephoto but i hike with it , so just remember to steady it before taking wildlife photos .
camera pos works as great as orignal battery . you will never know the difference except that is a lot cheaper !
music neg if you want to get into blind melon very quick , buy this....if you really like blind melon and wnat to hear something new...do n't buy this.. .
camera pos if you take lots of photos , rechargeable batteries are the way to go . carry the other charged batteries with you in case you need to swap them out
music neg this album is n't not very good at all . there are about four songs i like . first off , the production on this cd is disgusting considering some of the producers make great beats . then , the guest artists do a sub-par job lyrically . then , there are no new verses from biggie , on the album . they should have stopped with born again , because album will be a forgotten one , not a great way to close out the legecy of bigge smalls
camera neg sure my canon sd-30 is super cute and i get lots of compliments on how small and sexy it is , but heaven forbid you want to take pictures with it ! ! this camera cannot take pictures in low light at all ! every picture i 've taken at parties has been out of focus , which adds up to a lot of hazy photos of great memories . i took it back to the camera shop and the guy said i had the setting right but " yeah , they do n't work well in low light . " well if i needed a bright sunny day for every shot i could make a pinhole camera out of a cardboard box ! the pictures it takes in daylight are nice . but anyone who wants a tiny little camera like this is planning on putting it in their pocket and taking it to parties ! i got the sony cybershot 10.1 and it takes great pictures in low light . later , canon .
music neg i bought this soundtrack in 1984 when the movie adaptation of george orwell 's book came out , simply because it was attached to the movie . i 'll try not to use any non-family words here , but this soundtrack sucks . muldowney 's original score is available on cd , and simply imagining it used as intended adds a whole new dimension to the movie . as far as this soundtrack goes , though ; skip it
camera neg product is hard to review because you sent me the wrong battery . as of 1 / 29 / 07 it has not been taken off my credit card . how would you rate my review
camera pos my sony dscw100 camera is small but very functional and user friendly , it makes photography an easy and interesting hobby .
camera pos i purchased this camera case for the kodak z650. this case is perfect for the kodak z650. it looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an sd card or two . i 'm very happy with this purchase
music pos one ca n't go wrong with this one . a classic , which according to the well written liner notes was recorded 3 days after opening night . and , a pit orchestra that sounds like a pit orchestra...before the days of electronic music
music neg this album in some ways is a perfect antithesis of the quirky , wacky , vivid personality of the first three galactic studio albums- -this is boring , flat and generic . is that stanton moore or a drum machine ? precede straight to garage a trois
music neg after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd
camera pos this is a great lens . i do not want to repeat all the good things other reviewers have written about this lens . it is not so heavy so i use tripod without using tripod collar ( costs 119.99 in b & h ) . this is the best value i have ever got for a lens . now i ca n't wait to get 17-40mm f4l too . you can get a very nice bokeh when wide open at f4 and f5.6 , of course depending on the how far the background is from the subject . people complain how ugly the hood looks but that is subjective . i like it because it works great and you can attach it in a reversed position on the lens so that it will fit in your camera bag . i think the fit and finish of the lens is beautiful
camera neg im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us
camera pos now that i have had this on my camera for a while now , my camera feels so weird with it off , i love the grip it gives and the extra battery life is great for those all day shooting events that i go to . i wish the buttons were the same plastic / chrome color as the ones on the camera but its a well built product and works fine so i cant complain
music pos if you want to learn about texas music just buy this disc . tom 's love of life and artist 's eye infect every song . the opening number " tonight we ride " is hard to beat . he sang it on david letterman 's show ( paul shaffer played the accordian ! ) . letterman described it as a " song that will make you want to saddle up a horse , ride up to connecticut and rob a liquor store . " me , i just went out and bought some good reposado gold . letterman 's got a point , though - the songs on this disc will move you one way or the other . my other favorites are bucking horse moon , and all this way for a short ride . tom russell is true american artist like woody guthrie or pete seeger , and this is one of his best .
music pos this cd is so awesome , it stays in my cd player and i have recently added it to my mp3.
music neg i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd
music neg i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up
music neg bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . " h " , " touchdown " , " grand piano cannyon " . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including " x " - do n't meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on " tournabout " - but then the song falls back again to old routine . " screenplay " is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n't get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please
music pos this is a great cd . " back where i come from " , is on of those feel good songs that gives me chill bumps every time i here it . chesney is a extremely talented artist whose passion is shown in every song . i recommend all his albums
camera pos handy item for price . not a great telescope , but a very useful tool to look at roof shingles , broken tree limbs , bird 's nests , etc. must be stable , but can be carried in a pocket , weighs very little and is very clear . very good deal .
music pos this talented woman can sing anything . i really enjoyed this cd with the lights turned down and a glass of wine to relax after a very stressful day at work . renee could definitely have another singing career outside of opera should she choose . hearing her drop that gorgeous voice down one octave rivals the best chanteuses in the business - cassandra wilson , nancy wilson , regina belle , sarah vaughan , etc. this cd of different musical styles reminds me of nina simone and cassandra wilson , two great singers whom could interpret any song genre and make their versions special . i loved all the songs and the standouts here are " haunted heart " , " river " , " my one and only love " , " my cherie amour " , " cancao do amor " , and beatles " in my life " , and " hard times come again no more " . i hope renee keeps recording whatever catches her fancy because i 'll certainly always listen
camera pos i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need .
camera pos the battery works as specified , the pricing was excellent and the order came in very timely . i 'm completely satisfied with this product and vendor
music pos another typical funk classic album from the brilliant tenor sax sounds of lou donaldson . the album released on blues notes features lou 's popular and individual classic jazz funk tones . lou even opts to ' chill ' out on a number called ' over the rainbow ' but on other numbers like ' donkey walk ' lou 's style and also his unique band really shine . the unmistakable hammond adds yet more funk and along with the jazzy guitar sound and funk and swinging drums this brings together another great album.keep on funkin mr lou donaldson ! ! ! !
camera neg the battery lasts for about 10 minutes even with a full charge . i made the mistake of buying two of them for my husband 's dvd player and they were useless . what a waste of my money
camera pos an excellent flash to use with my canon 20d at a fantastic price , the canon 580ex was an expensive option , but should i buy one in the future ? the 430ex is perfect as a slave unit . great product from canon as always
camera pos the charger really did what it was supposed to do . i have an li-10b , so i was still some what worried that it was n't going to do the job , but it did . i also liked that it was small so you can travel with it anywhere .
camera pos this gadget is a must-have for gadget lovers.....and picture lovers . it is compact , solid and fits any small pocket or clutch bag . the images are crisp if you get it set appropriately . if you love attention get this product and if you do n't .....not to worry the camera gets all of it .
camera neg this kit is just junk . the " deluxe blower brush " is a cheap plastic blower in the tiniest size . there is a " tweezers " that is just folded aluminum sheet metal - there 's no way that is getting anywhere near my cameras . there are a few sheets of lense tissue and a few swabs to use with the cleaning solution . the " lintless cleaning cloth " is an about 3 " x 5 " piece of something akin to reusable paper towels that you 'll use about three times and then throw away . this kit is not worth buying at any price , because it 's not worth the shipping charges
music pos marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions
music pos this album is just non-stop funky . i originally got it just because i loved living in america when i first heard it - but i was pleasantly surprised to find the rest of the cd just as good . check out turn me loose i 'm dr. feelgood , let 's get personal , and gravity - they 're among the best on the cd
camera pos i bought this item for a present , and the person really liked it ! ! . he uses it to watch deer , and other animals . the focus is very good , and i am very happy that i bought this product !
music neg this album sounds to much like pop music than hardcore reggaeton . they even have that rbd boyband in this piece . a few years ago lt saved reggaeton with their producing skills now it looks like they set out to kill the monster they created with this embarrasing album transforming a music of the streets into the music even grandmas like and that is scary . the only reason for the two star is because the zion and the arcangel & de la ghetto songs . if you wanna hear some real reggaeton look for producers like dj memo , meka , mambo kings , dj wassie & dj fat this dudes are doin it right and keepin reggaeton calle my friend
music pos i bought this the year it came out , after seeing george in concert and it is great ! most of these were big hit songs and i found that i really loved the others too especially hard day
music neg i was very disappointed that the version of " paper roses " included on this cd is an updated and new recorded version from 1990. it is not the original 1973 classic marie recorded when she was twelve.interestingly , this new version is produced by sonny james , the original producer of the original single , that also features many of the original studio musicians . so all is not lost . still , i prefer the original hit version and am disappointed there was no indication that this cd included an updated " paper roses . &quot
music neg the worst christmas album i ever heard . i just bought it , played it once , and will never play it again
camera pos the previous review is not completely correct . the problem is not with the product but with the description what amazon.com put up for the canon cpm-e3 battery magazine . it is a battery magazine for the canon compact battery pack cp-e3 and not for the camera battery grip . i think the product itself is a great thing , it lets you switch the whole magazine with 8 preloaded batteries instead replacing the batteries in the canon compact battery pack cp-e3. the previous reviewer should not judge a product by the incorrect infromation given by a retailer
music neg someone suggested i listen to this because i was , at the time , into what lame beret-wearing record-store dips would call " creatively aggresive " music . then it was death metal ( which i prefer without cursing or filth , you understand . ) since then i 've found the ascension into gabber and then full-on unmitigated hardcore . anyway , mr. bungle... . tepid . uninteresting . bland . stupid . gives the chin-strokers something to fascinate over . let them . someone 's got the fuel the economy
music neg it sounds like someone somehow got the deftones to suck worse than they already do . this album is n't nearly as musically interesting as tear from the red . i do n't mind the singers new approach to vocals , but it just sounded like they did n't try at all . all the songs sound the same , the tempo is too fast on almost all the songs for the screamo sound , and hearing random voices and sounds of them in the studio between recordings just makes the album drag . although they 've goten much tighter as a band and are n't as sloppy as they used to be , ( they fell out of sync a lot in the opposite of december ) this album was definitely a backwards step in their progression as real musicians . save your money and buy tear from the red instead
music pos the relaxation set is just that , pure relaxation . i love the active relaxation cd . i can read or work and i am real calm , on an even keel , feeling like when you go to sleep at night , not quite asleep and not quite awake . i also enjoy the water and the piano playing . highly recommended
camera pos i was able to use the canon ef 1.4x ii extender for some nature photography recently in wyoming . i shot elk in low light conditions so i was shooting pretty much wide open . the extender did not compromise the inherent sharpness of the lens at all . you could see the hairs on the animals heads . it 's fantastic
music neg when merging female vocal yodels and copying elements from switchblade syphony , one can only be disappointed in diva destruction 's music . the positive aspect is the better production on this cd compared to their debut
music neg many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep .
camera neg the only reason i am giving this 1 start is becuase of amazon 's poor service , otherwise i would give 5 stars for the product . i placed this order more than 30 days ago . amazon still has not shipped the item so i cancelled my order and placed it with j&r . if amazon did not have the item in stock , they should have stated on their web site or at least communicated with me that there will be a delay in shipping
camera neg in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing .
camera neg i am a novice photographer , so take this with a grain of salt.. . i just bought this kit and it included no instructions and lots of components . i suppose if you are accustomed to using these kits , putting them together must seem self-explanatory . if you are new to these kits you will find it frustrating . it is also frustrating to discover smith victor does not have a support site ( just references on photography ) . they do not even provide a support # or address . keep all this in mind when considering something from this company
camera neg yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for
camera pos holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more .
music neg i did not get my order . you were suppoused to send my money back . i am waiting . thank
camera neg there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal
music neg as a fan of pete seeger 's music , i bought this cd in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . disappointingly , i 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . i may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable " best-of " set , but i 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of pete 's fine albums such as the carnegie hall classic
music neg it is ludicrous to even mention the fact that the duprees have lasted so long and can still be seen in atlantic city considering the fact that there is not one original member of the duprees in the group that is seen in atlantic city . this is a major problem with many groups purporting to be from the 50 's and 60's . the duprees appearing today is a perfect example of caveat emptor ... buyer beware for those readers who do n't read latin ! for those of us who were duprees fans , this is a not to be missed cd of the original duprees with the incomparable sound of joey vann and harmony that is hard to match . they did joni james proud in their remake of a number of her hits . it is nostalgia personified hearing the original duprees
camera pos i bought this camera around the beginning of july and have used it several times already . i 've upgrade from a nikon coolpix 3200 to this one due to smaller , sleaker size and more megapixels . this camera takes excellent pictures , in broad daylight as well as in the dark . red eye reduction is wonderful , however the flash does go off about 4 or 5 times . it 's not broken.. . it 's supposed to do that for everybody who thinks their camera has a glitch . overall , i think this was definitely a good buy and am looking forward to taking the camera on vacation !
music neg i had the privilege of attending recitals of many of the 50 's and 60 's jazz legends - before they became household names . it was truly an honor and a blessing to be part of an era that will never come around again . i heard brief notes from this cd and i must agree that mr. winston did attempt to capture mr. guaraldi 's timeless expressions , but the this production did not have the same " golden flow " as the original .
camera neg i only got about 2 hours of run time per charge out of this battery so i returned it for my money back and picked up a batterygeek universal dvd battery which is now giving me 7+ hours of run time per charge .
camera pos i am a photographer and i am always running down my batteries.. . i have n't found one so cheap as i did here . thank you amazon. .
camera pos if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers .
music neg for starters i love bun b and pimp c and ugk and all that but the thing that kills it is lil jon yelling " gansta grizzel " like 10 times in every track . i love lil jon too , but they coulda done without it . also they just rappin over other peps beats , it just sounds like a mixed tape kinda deal . but heard rumor that bun b is bout to come out with an offical bun b record , not a mixed tape , or nothin like that , but only reason why i gave it two stars is just cuz they got tight flows on the tracks , but not their own beats , and lil jon coulda just shut the hell up on those tracks . just keepin it real . i wouldnt spend the money , id just wait for bun b to release his own offical cd , or till pimp c get out and ugk hooks it back up
camera pos i bought these binoculars for my dad for christmas , and he is absolutely in love with them . the distance it can handle is slightly above average , but the clarity is really where this thing shines . its very easy to use , and has held up reasonably well . i would recomend it to the casual user
camera pos excellent product , easy to use , great for edging cards and making trims for cards and craftwork . i ca n't wait to experiment with it
camera neg i had my sony dsc w70 for just one month when the viewing screen suddenly cracked without being dropped or hit . the glass itself was intact , but something underneath was clearly broken . mailed it in to the factory service company for sony , and i was informed 3 weeks later that it is not covered by warranty and will cost $181 to repair . this is 2 / 3 the cost of a new camera and does not make sense financially . i have a friend who had the same problem of a broken screen with the identical sony camera .
camera pos this tripod arrived on time and in good condition . however i have to put the " heavy duty " in quotations as this item is for amateurs mostly and is made of plastic as well . the weight you can put on it is limited . however it does the job well for the amateur photographer or videographer
music pos sweet brazillian jazz piano combined with guaraldi 's 1960 's hit " cast your fate to the wind . " throw in a coupla classics like " since i fell for you " and " moon river " masterfully interpreted by vince and you have the perfect album for unwinding , loving , or waking up
camera pos aside form the fact that canon charges an arm and a leg for a 1 dollar piece of plastic , the remote switch does work well . it does not feel very sturdy and does not seem nearly as well built as the canon cameras . people with big hands may have a little trouble using this product . overall , a " must have " addition for anyone interested in long exposures , images with excellent sharpness and depth of field
music neg layla is one of the most overrated songs of all time . cream is one of the most boring bands in history . why not do yourself a favour and buy enjoyable bands like dire straits , and metallica who rock . ps.this clapton compilation has no good songs so please do n't buy it at all
music pos these 3 discs ( there is a limited edition 10 disc set which has obviously sold out ! ! ) are a continuation of live dead . if you have n't heard the dead live then start with this or live dead . you will realise why to many they were america 's greatest improvisational rock band . the playing , the interplay between the musicians - particularly garcia and lesh is staggering . and how about a big hand for bill kreutzman on drums
camera neg it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards
music neg method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto
camera neg it takes around 3-4 seconds to take the picture after i click the button ! ! and then another 8-10 seconds just to store that picture on the sd card ! ! so basically , i cant take another picture until atleast 10-15 seconds of one picture ! !
camera pos have had good luck with these batteries . they last for a long time . first time with amazon and it was a good experience . will use them again
music pos i am a big ambrosia fan and i love " biggest part of me " , " you 're the only woman " , " how much i feel " and the newer track " i just ca n't let go " . however , i wish this cd contained all of their billboard hot 100 hits . the cd is missing their cover of " magical mystery tour " ( #39 ) and " how can you love me " ( #86 ) . for the casual listener , this cd is perfect . for the chart hit completionists out there , it misses a couple songs . i bought this cd used for $1.99 , which was a huge bargain for the songs included . for that price , i can certainly try to download the missing tracks
camera neg ...unless you want to have trouble focusing , have difficulty using them indoors at a sporting event , or have the neck strap bracket break off , etc. i wear glasses and these never did focus well for me . i was not happy when the bracket broke off the day i received them , just as i was to leave for an africa safari vacation . the biocs kept slipping off my neck the whole trip , and it was frustrating . even more frustrating was trying to get them repaired . suposedly there is a warranty on these . hah ! when i sent them to bushnell for repair , they wanted [...]
camera pos this was delivered so fast that it was unbelievable . they sent exactly what was pictured and it works perfectly
music neg this cd isnt real good if you like compilations than get the ruff ryders c
music pos right , so , you 're reading this either because you are a big oasis fan and realize that this album is wonderful , or because you 've heard some oasis songs on the ever-disappointingly-dull radio and it 's sparked yer interest . " the masterplan " is a compilation of oasis b-sides that have been released over the years . what has always made oasis the best band in the world is the fact that the songs that they include on their " albums proper " are not necessarily their best songs . as such , songs like " acquiesce " , " talk tonight " and " stay young " are vacant on their albums , yet they represent the best of this lovely band and are included here in stunning fashion . so in summary , i absolutely do not recommend you buy this album until you at least own and fall in love with " definitely maybe " and " morning glory " . to those who own and love this album , it is a part of rock history and is not to be overlooked .
music neg what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music .
music neg john mayer can grow his hair long and play his guitar slung low , but he is still a professionaly trained monkey , i mean musician . mayer along with " artists " like gavin degraw , teddy geiger , etc. , are todays n'sync and backstreet boys , nothing more .
music pos nas ' street 's disciple definitely has plenty of memorable / outstanding cuts on it . nas sounds very confident and his lyrical skill is prevelant throughout both discs . the subject matter varies which is way cool in that , it delivers to all audiences of his fans . every nas fan will be doing themselves a huge favor by supportin him and pickin this up today . a
camera neg the magnetic clasp is weak very weak - making it vulnerable to thieves with sticky fingers or opening up on it 's own . i keep this camera case inside of my purse . i would n't recommend this product there has to be something better
music neg ok......avoid this at all costs not worth your money ! ! ! ! as luck would have it i found it a a garage sale . the only track whorth listening to is track 12 which is vivi 's theme from ff9. the others well....they could have done better . most of the songs are to put it nicely......suck ( at least the way they where done ) . the only reason i rated 2 ( 1 1 / 2 to be accualy ) is because of vivi 's theme at the end . this is not whorth your time . get the imported cd 's they have much better music on them
music neg i bought this album after hearing america , their single off this album , and listening to the increasing hype about razorlight and johnny borrell being one of the most talented singer-songwriters of his generation . this follow up is a thorough disappointment compared to their first . it 's not bad , but it 's not that good either . the songs all sound like i 've heard them somewhere before , and the lyrics - well , how many times have we heard popstars going on about waiting by the phone , nothing on the radio , and not known what it all meant , while smoking cigarettes late at night . yawn.. .
music pos aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul .
camera pos it 's good as my title says , however , i found one con about it is there is no place i can put a string on it so that i have to put it in my pocket when i take it off
music pos i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! !
camera pos this scope is one of the best gen 1 units on the market . at 36 lines / mm , it has just about the best resolution . most other units only have 24 lines / mm . the illuminator is bright ( almost too bright ) , uniform , and has a crisp edge . it could be a bit larger , however , so that it would fill the field of view . note that if you remove the eyepiece or lens , ( to put on the riflescope eyepiece or change the magnification ) you will break the seal and the unit will no longer be waterproof . do n't bother with the ir flashlight . it 's output is actually less than the built-in illuminator and it is far from uniform .
music neg the lack of someone lurking behind prince 's shoulder while in the recording studio and having the courage to tell him when he produces second rate nonsense has been missing since the departure of the fargnoli management team . this is a poor track incorporating biblical references that have little relevance or sense of genuine compassion to the katrina disaster . musically the lack of emotion conveyed by the unnecessarily complicated chord changes and irrelevant reference to sade also make the feel of this track disjointed . while prince fans will generally hype this track , the reality is that " 4 the tears in your eyes " this is n't and to add a charity track with an instrumental showing off your musical skills is just pure self indulgence and frankly crass . lets hope this is not an indication of the upcoming 3121.
camera pos the cover over the lense broke / small lcd screen / pictures are pritty good / battery life is pritty good / some images can come out a bit blurry if theres no flash and your hands arnt that steady / takes nice portaits / easy to use / has a veiw-finder
camera neg looks nice . unfortunately did not power up the camera , so i ca n't say much else . going to cost me return shipping at the very least . sorry i did n't buy the canon product instead
music neg somehow not up to her earlier work . the instrumental accompaniment is good , but tends to dominate at the expense of cesaria 's voice and the songs do n't strike me as particularly memorable . one reviewer said this was perhaps the best thing she 's done . if so , i just do n't see it . i was disiappointed and found myself wondering if maybe her best days are behind her . i hope not
music pos i just want to put it out there...audra mcdonald is an absolute genious . everything she touches turns to gold , and i just want to smack some of you for saying that she failed in her attempt to make a great record . this may not be the audra that we are used to , but if you listen closely she 's near by . so this cd is a little less difficult vocally . so what ? my favorite quality of ms. mcdonald 's is that she is emotionally connected to whatever she is singing . she could record twinkle twinkle little star and i would want to listen to it over and over again because she tells a story . so if you buy this cd , listen to it more than once . let it grow on you . let audra do her thang children . let her do her thang .
camera pos the philips 8-inch digital picture frame is an excellent , high-quality device . very easy to get it going - the included cable and computer software make it simple to select digital pictures already stored on your computer and copy them onto the device . no need to mess around with memory cards - although the device accepts those as well if that works best for you . everyone who has seen ours loves it . it looks great and the picture quality and size are excellent
music pos i recently discovered joyce cooling . yeah , i 've been in the dark ages . she is one of the smoothest guitarists out there and she does not try to sound like everyone else . i especially appreciate her percussive use of intonations . she 's got chops galore and is a beautiful woman to boot . you can hear it all in her music . buy revolving door ! you 'll love it
camera pos very compact , light and easy to hold - full marks for design . buttons etc can take a bit of getting used to , but ok once mastered . main downside for me it only takes dvd-r / rw - and not dvd-r / rw+ , bit of a problem when you pick up the wrong ones ! also , can be a problem taking it abroad - i had issues charging it as it would take a standard us to uk converter plug as the pins are slightly wider than normal us plugs .
camera neg as a professional photographer , i find myself going through 5-6 of these cords each year . my equipment is my livelyhood and although it is used often , i am exceptionally careful with all of my gear and do not bang it around or abuse it . i use a stroboframe which makes it necessary to use this cord to raise the flash well above the focal plane of the camera . these cords are very expensive to get just a few months out of them . eventually , the hot shoe connector will either become loose and the connection will no longer function or the plastic connector will break and your flash unit will fall to the ground . ( this has happened twice to me and fortunately i was able to catch the flash unit ! ) the cord is indespensible if you need it , but contact canon usa and ask them to reengineer this cord or expect to replace them every few months
camera pos yes this is a very good first camcorder . i am a first time user of any cam corder . i have olny had mine for a month or so but i have made several films with it and it is very inersting . but the software is harder to use that movie maker . but if you are a first time buyer then i would go for this becasuse 20gb is engough to use. . but the battery life is short but u wont need to make a feature length film ! ! ! it is just fantastic . enjoy. . do
camera neg unfortunately i received the items damaged . the exterior postage box was unharmed but the paper boxes were obviously dropped at some point before packaging .
camera pos for those wishing to purchase this product , and who also want accessory filters to protect the lens , or to add special effects , although not mentioned , the size of the filter is 30mm . ( not the 37 mm mentioned at other locations , which caused me to order the wrong size which now must be returned . ) remember , 30 ( thirty ) mm
camera neg there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
music neg i agree complete with erik cobbett . this is covenant 's most unnecessary and boring album ever . there are a couple of nice parts on it , but generally it 's a big disappointment .
music neg don ` t waste your time and money on this compilation . what a cheap shot to take the consumers money . read the very fine print , it does have a disclaimer but you really have to look for it . shame on the distributor !
music neg all in all , i was really dissapointed ; i really enjoyed the king geedorah album . i thought the king geedorah album boasted stellar , thematic , production , tolerable skits , and street-wise but deep lyrical content . doom is on the boards for about 1 / 3 of the tracks on ' escape.. . ' all have the stereotypical doom sound , with the only standout being ' 1 , 2...1 , 2. ' the x-ray produced tracks are minimal , but generally sound stiff , lacking much of a groove - thin synth lines , few sampled melodies . i did like ' warning ( kong ) , ' which has a nice , minimal , dark groove . the lyrical flows have a classic new york sound , pretty good . lyrical content is pretty bad , unless you enjoy repetitious rhymes about smoking weed and women riding my d$ &*.
music neg i thought it would have nice , soft songs . but , it is riddled with annoying sound effects and strange instrumentation
music pos relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen
music pos i am realtively new to country music . i purchased this because i had the pleasure of hearing willie sing " you do n't know me " on cmt one afternoon . i was quite taken with his rendition and recalled hearing this song growing up . from this one time " soft rocker " i could n't be happier . go willie
music pos i used to listen to a friend 's copy of the original " metal box " of ep 's , when it first came out . years later the " second edition " came out on lp 's for those of us who had n't sprung for the metal box before it sold out . eventually the second edition came out on this cd . so i finally could own a digital copy myself . pristine , audio quality at least as good as the original metal box in my opinion , if i remember correctly . you do need to listen to this . you do need to buy a copy and get other people to listen to this too
music pos i own a lot of waylon jennings albums but i have to say , i find myself playing this one on 9 out of 10 times . if you want to buy just one waylon album this is the one to own , the recording quality is brilliant for a live album and the music is alive . simply great , i ca n't say enough good things about this cd
camera pos i bought one of these items in december ' 04 from adorama . it had directions written in raised letters on the canister itself . i just ordered here and received a second one in march ' 07 and the " new " model has no instructions . other than that , it looks identical to the old one , so i assume the contents are the same . here are the exact words written on the old one : " hydrosorbent 40 gram silica gel " " when pink , reactivate 3 hours at 300f " the pink referred to is the little circle in the center of the canister . i keep this product with my camera ( in closed stuff sack ) and it seems to work as advertised - though i guess you just have to have faith that it does - no easy way to prove it ( except maybe in extremely humid climes )
music pos it 's been a while since someone has sang the praises of this album . this is a timeless work . it never gets old no matter how many times it is played . i 've had this album for 5-6 years and i pull it out every summer . great music for boating or bbq 's on the deck . i promise you will love it . something everyone should have in their collection
music pos sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j
camera neg this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks .
music neg this great underground master dj deservedly gets a release on a major record label.. . but there are too many rappers , not enough personality in the production , and obvious restraint in the sampling ( surely the result of copyright clearance issues . ) compared to z-trip 's amazing and audacious uneasy listening with dj-p and live at the future primitive with radar , this is just a bore.. . yawn.. .
camera pos for the price , you get a lot out of this camera . 6x zoom stabilized , the images comes out great at full zoom ( 2 stabilization mode ) . the aid of a histogram will tell you the right exposure to set for your picture . the multiple program modes , just about lets you take a great picture under different situation ! controls are easy to use and get to . in all definitely a great buy for the price . the down side is that movie mode has no sound but if that is a factor then get the dmc-lz5 or a camcorder .
music pos this collection of italian cello sonatas by the great janos starker is one of the most delightful chamber albums i own . the world renowned cellist was joined on this 1966 recording by pianist stephen swedish on five of the selections , and by his frequent collaborator gyorgy sebok on the bach sonata in g minor , which was recorded in 1963 and added to this collection to increase its length ( it is a welcome addition musically too ) . the selections here range from famous composers like bach , boccherini and vivaldi , to the lesser known corelli , locatelli and valentini . for me , the common thread of this recording is the passionate performances of starker . whether it is the happy bounce of the vivaldi allegro , the sublime rendering of the boccherini adagio , or the precise interplay with sebok on the bach sonata , starker plays masterfully and his cello is captured in rich , full sound by the mercury living presence recording technique . this is an excellent purchase for all cello enthusiasts
music neg please change your name to ( kid rap ) .. when you start producing true rock cd 's then and only then you should put rock back into your fake name.. . stop playing both sides. . i realize that the rap - hip hop scene is much easier because over half the fan base is little girls / boys and people that dont have a clue what music is all about. . do yourself a favor and take the rap / hip hop out of your so called music . one day you will realize that the rap / hip hop scene is like a bad smell that real music fans hate and wish would go away. .
camera neg to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200.
camera pos i received the tripod ahead of the expected schedule . i 've been looking at tripods in stores in and around the greater boston area . you ca n't get a better tripod for the money . in fact , you ca n't get anything " decent " for under $40-50 and even then i 'm not sure you will get something this good . i had it shipped to my job and a few guys in the office ( which i did n't know ) had purchased a tripod in the past and where really impressed when i told them i only paid $25 for it . conclusion : is the tripod perfect , no . the head looks a little like plastic . but it has nice rubber feet and rubber grip in addition to everything listed on the website . this tripod is perfect for the beginner to enthusiast photographer .
music neg long studio sessions . if you want a truly incoherent album strung together in a twisted way , then this is it . if you do n't , get near the beginning or rock & roll . get some of their quality stuff . this definitely is n't it
music pos ( in reference to another review ) - the symbol on the cover of still is the factory records logo , joy division 's record label . since i 'm in the area... . i 've owned this album for about 15 years and it still sounds , in parts , as solid as anything joy division ever did . some of the live stuff is so-so but studio tracks like the kill , dead souls , exercise one , they walked in line and something must break are damn near worth the price of admission alone . if you already like joy division , thereby showing good taste , this is a great album . if you find yourself slowly descending beneath the black cloud of depression , unknown pleasures should fit . if you have been there and find yourself wanting out , closer is the soundtrack . this album is more varied in mood , for established fans and safer for household pets
music neg another unspeakable album from the most unspeakably overwrought , over-produced and over-rated rock band of all time . did i mention over the top ? let 's face it , queen was a group of crypto-fascists , working hard to put a human face on thatcherism . ghastly stuff . k .
camera pos installing the software was a piece of cake , using it is quite another matter . the basic introductory instructions are easy enough but after that it seems to require a phd in mathematic astrophysics to get round all the available toggles , tweaks and options . first attempts ? the moon came out real nice , but saturn was a white blob with no fine detail . nothing like type of pics that the super-whizzkids proudly display on the celestron site . will go back to night school and one day you might see my fine efforts published as well ( oh - was using it on a classic lx200 in good see'ing conditions - sorry celestron !
camera pos this is a cool implimentation of a much needed device for those with d200s . the camera loves batteries . having two is good ! having the ability to watch one drain and knowing there 's another on standbye is a fine feeling . knowing that there are two more batteries in the case waiting is even better ! for a full day of shooting , you need this and some serious memory . highly recommended . also handles aas.. . always good in field conditions
camera neg this is another example of how sony is alienating its customer base . not only will it not work with standard sd memory like everyone else , it does not include a docking station . you have to shell out more money for that option . i dont think so
camera pos i purchased the canon off camera shoe cord to use with the canon ex 580 for weddings . i needed the cord to use the flash on a braket to avoid red eye . it does what it 's supposed to . no complaints .
camera pos this is a very powerful flash unit that works as a master to other canon flash units . you can get very nice results with a small amount of experimentation . it does what it suppose to . i used it with the 420ex i 've had for several years and it worked fine . mounted on the camera it 's a larger version of the built in popup on the 30d with some extra niceties and lots more power . thinking of the 430ex ? cough up the few extra bucks for this baby , you 'll be glad you did . it 's a one shot deal , [no pun intended] , you 'll be using it for years to come . i bought the 420ex for my elan ii e about 6 years ago . it 's been a great unit . this one recharges faster and has gobs more power . you 'll love it ! do n't let all the dials and switches scare you , read the instruction manual
music pos i feel bad doing this becuase i love iggy and the stooges but the quality on this set is pretty bad . all the live recordings are worth listening to and probably owning but the quality is very rough and can get frustrating . it 's like the first beatles anthology set : the material is amazing but the quality is bad . on the plus side the studio outtakes are decent quality wise and amazing content wise . the packaging is also very nice . i just though i 'd share this information before you drop all the money on the set . if you are a stooges fan do n't hesitate purchase now but if this is your introduction you should probably wait .
music pos all-instrumental collections of bluegrass are hard to find , and if you like it when a band takes a break from singing and just plays their instruments , here 's your chance for total immersion . all the songs on this compilation are from rounder records albums released 1976-1998 , by artists with familiar names like alison krauss and tony rice , and others you may never have heard of . all are first rate , foot stompin ' renditions of bluegrass traditionals , with a few great originals - - bill monroe 's " bluegrass breakdown " and earl scruggs ' " foggy mountain chimes . " best known for most listeners is a rousing version of " orange blossom special " by the johnson mountain boys . if you like bluegrass with plenty of pickin ' at breakneck speed , this cd will keep you smilin ' through many , many replays
camera neg the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ?
camera pos easily snaps in place and does the job . considerably less expensive than the local retail outlet - and delivery was quick as well
music neg bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music .
camera pos it works as specified on my sony hdr-hc3 hd camcorder . i have used it several times and cant find any noticeable blurs / distortions using this lens . its a little pricey , but well worth the money
music pos in temporary secretary theres a great melody struggling to escape from the space invaders backing.memo to paul-turn this into a ballad for your next album bogey music , inspired by a book , is quite interesting . waterfalls is the standout song and comin'up was the hit . the rest you just get used to what more could you ask
camera pos the fisheye lens is a lot of fun , and i enjoy using mine . however , i find that the practicality of the lens is minimal . i do n't usually want my " serious " photographs to have fisheye distortion . i do n't tend to like the 1.6x crop on canon 's lower-end digital slr cameras , but with the fisheye this has an interesting benefit : it 's reasonably easy to use the fisheye as a standard wide-angle lens , since most of the distortion is removed by the 1.6x crop . you can still get distortion , but it 's a lot easier to compose a shot without it using a 1.6x camera than a full-frame camera . either way , lots of fun . buy one for the enjoyment , or even for professional assignments if your work calls for it , but think about if you really want the distortion before getting one of these
music neg when i played the first composition on this cd , i started thinking that perhaps i had purchased a really stellar cd because the first song was really jumping . but after that , this cd is disapointing to me . there are maybe three pretty good compositions with the rest being totally unmemorable . with the three good cuts from this disc and a few from her first cd , joyce cooling could have made one good cd . but , in my opinion , there are n't enough good songs here to warrant a release of this cd . joyce certainly has potential , but she needs to work on her creativity . she sound here like an artist still maturing in style
camera pos out of the box this is a simple to use camera . the convenience of having the video or picture right on a hard drive is great . i did a lot of searching and this one was the most bang for the buck . just starting to use it so ca n't say much for now . my wife loved it for its size and weight
music pos i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west
music neg i bought this based on reviews of " bass queen in the mix . " to me it sounds like the west coast edition of northern exposure without the 4 / 4 house beat . in other words , its very electronic sounding , almost completely non-vocal and not very funky at all . i listened to " eargasm " by plump dj 's and icey 's " funky breaks " after this and it 's definitely missing variety , skill in mixing and that " neck snapping " funky quality that make the plumps and icey so indispensible . not too bad but not that interesting either . i prefer her " mixtress " and still have not heard " bass queen.. . " btw , my speakers are flat down to below 30 hz and i did n't find the recording quality or the bass that impressive . listen to crystal method 's " phd " or " block rockin ' beats " by chemical brothers after this to see what i mean
camera neg they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all
camera neg i purchased this set , and upon arrival , i found the circular polarizer to be defective . amazon quickly replaced the set , and this polarizer did not work either ! i returned the set , as i am not going to waste any more time trying to get a polarizer that works . i 'll pay more , and get a quality product from a different maker . i will say that amazon is second to nobody for customer service . i appreciate that , and will continue to be an amazon customer . however , i ca n't say the same for tiffen .
music neg i would n't know i never got my cd and its been over two month
music pos not only do you get some great music with this cd , you get the beginnings of climax as well . ( the last 2 cuts are essentially sonny geraci solo songs done by 1 / 2 of the band that would play on climax records ) includes their 4 hits ( time wont let me , girl in love , respectable & help me girl ) and a slew of other very like-minded material . if you like any of their 4 hits , you will love the rest . if you like climax , you should buy this for the 2 last songs which are essentially climax tunes
camera pos i have used this charger & battery package for a while now in my digital slr , battery performance is excellent ! the downside is that the charger has issues : the top bay charges faster than the bottom bay and the batteries get very hot when charging , it has not seemed to affect the batteries in the year i have had them . if you are looking for exceptional batteries buy these , and the charger is okay , just beware that it does not charge all nimh batteries but does do most
camera pos i just bought this for about $190 at the local px . i am impressed so far . i was going to buy the gs180 , but for the sale price i would be crazy to pass this up . so far the low light is much better than a single ccd . the video playback is quiet compared to a few other camcorders that record the motor noise onto the tape . i plan on buying an extended battery and a tripod today at the same sale . i will use this camcorder mostly for home videos of my son and vacations we take around europe . i look froward to using this camcorder a lot
camera neg very good product very satisfied , the night vision is great clarity is very good and portability is awesome plus the price is even bette
camera neg not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for !
music pos this cd is a classic , a must for all those who loved the movie . i wondered if i would get a crackling type of sound , but it is as crystal clear as the movie sound . this is perfect for those who want to practice the songs for a " sound of music " event or a singing class !
camera neg gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon
music neg this was o.k. nothing more nothing less . this album was hard to review , beacuse no songs really stick out . i mean the guy is a mediocre artist with mediocre rhymes , laced over just above mediocre beats . i have heard better sesame street singalongs for yappy kids in the back seat of a mini van . i mean what does the album have that sticks out ? " saturday to saturday " ? " bloody horseshoe " ? or the multi - faceted " boo , we ai n't forgot about you " none of the above , or none on the album . sorry . and please , all angry people who think that this is a bad review , remember , it 's a review . i can say what i want
music neg gerry marsden and his pacemakers are great . i just want to point out that the double-cd ' best of ' import has 15 extra tracks and sells for about the same price . there is just no reason to buy this compilation instead of the import
music pos hey there all , want to listen to some great songs by a country artist , chely wright , then go ahead and purchase this cd you will be amazed at the talent chely has . songs spanning from her ealier days to her current hits , a great collection for the diehard fan , and a great gift for those who have not been able to experience the very talented chely wright
music neg i own this set , as does my roomate , and we both hate it . it highlights bands like ' red lorry , yellow lorry ' that no one likes or listens to , and uses great classic bands like bauhaus ' worst song as the first track . it is the hollow , tin-y , embarrassingly hokey side of goth , and i am ashamed to even have it in my house
camera pos i 've had my d2h for 9 months now . i 've heard of the magenta skin tones issue but have never seen it..skin tones on my unit are great . it seems this issue plagued a minority of users . camera is very fast , exposes well and delivers results . it 's primarily designed to be a sports and photojournalism camera - - for situations where speed counts . it 's a 4 megapixel wonder - - it 's true it only has 4 megapixels , but they are 4 great megapixels . images upsize wonderfully . i love my unit , and am debating whether to buy a second one as a backup , or wait for the d2x . the price of the d2x is making that decision a bit easier and i 'm leaning toward another d2h .
music neg very disappointing - nothing like riverdance would not recommend and i am avid fa
camera neg when i was buying my husbands olympus camera this rechargeable battery popped up as a suggested purchase to go with camera so i ordered it . not paying close enough attention and because the title does have stylus in it i assumed it was compatable with the camera i was purchasing at that time . no it was not ! ! ! so i paid for and wraped ( christmas present ) something that did not only not work for the camera but made me look like a idiot shopper when my husband opened it and saw that it was not compatiable . now i have to figure out how to send it back for a refund which will cost me shipping charges yet again...not to mention the frustration of a return ! ! ! ! not a happy amazon shopper !
music neg this one is for you . but honestly now , the guy does n't write- -beautiful voice- -but songwriting is a major appeal . so guess a solo garfunkel is a lot like a step above justin timberlake . ok , there are definitely highlihgts like a heart in newyork , ( what a ) wonderful world , but generally this a very casual compilation , good for a couple listens . in general , art garfunkel is n't really good for more than that . check out him witht paul simon , that is amazing stuff , but this is kinda boring . i might have a bit more respect if he wrote the songs- -but even though there are good songwriters writing for him , the songs are still sub-par
music pos i first heard joe playing in that urgent style of his , on horace silvers ' " song for my father " album . the thing about him is that his playing has always sounded mature and developed , like he was born to play . on this cd , felicidade in particuliar , he simmers , builds to a rolling boil , and simmers again so nicely as he takes you to brasil . also the straight ahead playing on triste ' is nothing short of marvelous playing by the group ! the whole is cd is great . go ' head joe
camera neg the photoshare digital frame is a classic example of poor engineering . the " plug and play " ability is aggravating , at best , freezing two of my computers , requiring endless reboots to transfer images . photoshare provides zero customer support or technical assistance when you have problems interpreting the very poor operations manual . the expensive battery is almost impossible to install . the power cord has to be super glued to stay in place . and the frame is sloppy and dangerous - very easy for unit to fall out . buy another brand or just put pictures on disc and use a portable dvd player instead .
music pos no collection of blues / rock is complete without " a piece of your soul " . there very simply is not a weak track on the entire disc . from the raunchy ( " bitter rain " ) to the uplifting ( " good day for the blues " ) to the bittersweet ( " cynical " ) to the soft ( " share that smile " ) storyville encompasses the entire range of musical expression with a style that is as provocative as it is unique . put this disc on your list of music to have on a deserted island
music pos ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording !
camera pos this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos
camera neg i agree with the many other users who have experienced the " condensation , operation paused " defect on their jvc gr-xxxx . despite numerous others reporting this problem , jvc says its not a recognized problem . i would disagree - it is a recognized problem , but its your problem , not theirs .
music pos this is a cd that one can listen to countless times . the virtuoso playing and beautiful tone produced by michael aptly display the characteristics of the euphonium . the selections are for college and graduate level players , as well as the occasionally " gifted " highschooler . a must hear , and a must buy
camera pos this is the perfect case for my sony m2 camera ! yes i said sony m2 ! this camera case is perfect for it.very sturdy and not expensive at all.cool sony cybershot insignia on it and good " d " ring for your belt.fits perfectly for my m2 and it has a very cool and stylish look to it ! 100% recommended to those who need a case for their m1 or m2 sony cybershot
music pos this album was by far the bands most daring ablum . they went away from the classic inxs sound that made them superstars ( kick , x ) and instead updated their sound to fit the time . like a previous reviewer noted , this was when grunge was becoming very popular in the us , and unfortunately , caused this album to go unnoticed for the most part . its sad too , cuz there are many solid tracks , inlcuding heaven sent ( my favorite ) , not enough time , baby dont cry and beautiful girl . i have recently become a big fan of inxs and have purchased all of their albums . i like this one in particular because it is different from all their other albums . i recommend " welcome " to any inxs fan and any other fan of great music
music neg buddy holly has a number of collections that are superior to the one put out under the 20th century masters series . every one of the cds in this series is skimpy in content and superfluous . this one is no exception . look elsewhere
camera pos it lasts a lot of shots , about 1000 shots , it 's amazing , with two of these batteries you have for almost a month in holiday without any recharge
camera neg i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again
music pos like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart
camera neg i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix .
camera neg i purchased this camera for my 13-yr old daughter as her first digital camera . it was a christmas present so i am highly dissapointed that 3 months after purchase , the flash stopped working . the picture quality was good but it hardly makes up for the fact that she can no longer take photo 's indoors or in low light . i would not recommend this camera .
camera pos i was amazed on how well this battery has performed . i did make sure when i got it i did a complete charge and complete discharge and it has not let me down since . i can shoot well over two hours without needing to change to the very meek battery that came with my camcorder ( sony hdr-hc1 ) . it is thicker and sticks off the back a little bit more so you can not get your eye up to the eyepiece but i use the lcd when shooting anyway , and almost always on tripod
music pos it does n't get any better than this . this album is a must have for all true judas priest fans . this is priest when they were really getting good . the guitars and the vocals rock you to the core
music pos stephen stills " for what it 's worth " is , of course , a classic song . " burned , " neil young 's strongest effort for this album , is another classic song . the rest of it is all very good . i would say that it does sound a bit dated , however ; , and that this one is mostly for fanatics of 60 's music . your average " artic monkeys " fan is not going to find this a good match for their musical sensiblities . better was on the way from buffalo springfield . their next album , " buffalo springfield again " is an all out rock masterpiece that everybody should own , whatever your age or inclinations .
music pos mr. kimbrough done come thru with the dirt on this one . this aint just blues music , it 's soul music right in there with isaac hayes and nem . it 's hard played and honest and that 's the true pleasure of it
camera pos after using both lenses i think this is much better . here are my reasons : 1 - f 2.8 makes the autofocus much faster and accurate . 2 - bokeh is much better in this one . 3 - macro is slightly better on this one . 4 - 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . 5 - is is not very crucial in 24-50 range .
music pos that nigga 's crazy and bicentennial nigger both surpass this album in laughs , but it would still rank high if it was n't for the poor sound quality- -there 's a few audience members who can be heard a lot more clearly than pryor himself half the time . but some great classic bits , and believe me you 're never bored
camera neg i bought this camera 3 months ago and have used it a few times . last week all of a sudden the pictures look out of focus and over-exposed . i have n't changed anything or done anything . i have no idea what 's wrong with the camera , but given the price i 'm pretty annoyed and amazon.com will not refund my money because it has been over 30 days
camera pos this case is so well made , and just the right size to give the canon elura , a nice snug paddeded cushioned fit . plus secondary compartments for all the accessiories that you need to carry for your video photography...... .
music neg it 's a decent album but she seems to copy riffs a bit on this album . mother mother definitly rips of stairway to heaven from stairway 's ending vocals riff . ( and as we wind on down the road. . ) does she give zep credit on that ? now that rockstar supernova has used the song twice it has brought mother , mother back to life a bit but that riff rip just annoys me . good female yell and complain song but i just ca n't get past that riff rip
music neg vote this one off the island : 19 overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television
music neg how can anyone say this chick has talent ? ! ! ! my god , she is sooooooooo bad . and yes , i actually listened to it . the only reason it sounds semi ok is because she 's got millions backing her and that much technology could even make me sound good ! she does n't write any of her songs and she ca n't hold a tune . gives celine a run for her money ? please ! ! ! ! the only singer she sounds better than is paris hilton ! but whatever . if you like it , that 's all that matters . if you like pretty young pop stars , christina aguilera is much better . she can actually sing ! !
camera neg i had my sony dsc w70 for just one month when the viewing screen suddenly cracked without being dropped or hit . the glass itself was intact , but something underneath was clearly broken . mailed it in to the factory service company for sony , and i was informed 3 weeks later that it is not covered by warranty and will cost $181 to repair . this is 2 / 3 the cost of a new camera and does not make sense financially . i have a friend who had the same problem of a broken screen with the identical sony camera .
camera neg i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ?
music pos another great album by firehouse . my favorites are reach for the sky , when i look into your eyes , and hold your fire . i have other favorites , but there are my top 3. i have a story to go along with this album , ladies and gentlemen . see , i was heading to cross-country one day , for the huge " group 2 " meet . ( there 's a section , and 5 groups from every section make it , and there were four sections , so you can make the calculations ) . i listened to this album , having a bad day before , and having a bad night of rest . listening to this album , i got a river of positivity , and i had a great start and a great finish . i ended up smashing my last personal best in cross-country . basically ladies and gentlemen , this cd has alot of effect . get it . i love to review things . have a great day
camera neg in an email , adorama specified that the filter diameter was , " 28mm . " on the amazon.com website is states that the same filter is a 55mm filter mounting ! either they do n't know their products or they do n't care about the customers . now i have to return it because of faulty information they supplied . please beware that their shipping charges equal approximately 25% of the purchase price - an amount i feel is beyond absurd . i can buy this locally for a lot less ( even though i would have to pay sales tax ) . buyer beware
camera neg for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended
music pos this is a great classic rock cd including some timeless songs . if you like " summer breeze " as much as i do and have not heard the remix of it yet , you are in for a pleasent suprise . a remix album came out in november of 2004 called " what is hip " and in my opinion is the best remix album of 70 's music that i 've ever heard . their version of " summer breeze " is near perfect . a modernized , but not over the top version that manages to preserve the true melody of the song with out removing the original rhythm . the entire album is great too . i have this " greatest hits " and the " what is hip " cd and simply ca n't get enough . here 's a link to the cd . enjoy . http : / / www.amazon.com - - what is hip
music pos purchased this album because of the great album cover , was i surprised when i popped it into my cd player . i had n't heard of rick braun before but after listening to this cd , i ran out and purchased everything he has ever recorded . never have i heard a trumpet sound so beautiful . share this music with someone you love
music pos ok , i just could not resist coming on here to review this . i 've had this cd for about 4 years now and i still listen to quite a bit , proof right there that this cd is definetly a classic ( in my book at least ) every single song on here is original , the guitar riffs are simply amazing , and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are . if your a goo goo doll fan , and you still do not have this cd , i deeply encourge you to go buy it now ! this is the is the goos like you 've never heard them before . the cd is pure genius , and in my opinion the best cd i 've ever heard
camera neg this camera / mp3 / camcorder / webcam / voice recorder is way to good to be true ! i brought one because it was cute and looked perfect for mini movies . but i was sadly mistaken.. . this camera just takes cheap pictures and videos . the only thing that actully worked properly was the voice recorder that i had no need for . after about 3 days of trying to make it work a little better i gave up and sold it on ebay for the same price as i brought it for . it 's a great idea.. . but it just is n't a good camera but if you want a voice recorder this is pretty nice . the mp3 player is n't all that wonderful either . it does n't work with itunes . or easy work with windows . hope this helps.. . i wish i would have read this before i brought this camera
camera pos im a graphic design student in college , so i really needed a camera . i decided on this one and i am really glad i did . the pictures are nice and clean . the camera itslef is a very sleek looking one and is very compact . the only downfall to this is that it eats batteries pretty quick , but i just took them out when i wasnt using them . buy this camera
music neg i just purchased my sacd player and picked up boston and billy joel 's the stranger at the same time . after listening to the stranger , my mouth dropped . billy 's voice coming from the center speaker and all the other instruments and melodies coming from every different direction . then i put in boston and could n't tell a difference from the cd version i already own . i think it 's one of the best albums , but if you already own it on cd , do n't bother upgrading - there 's nothing special about the sacd version
music pos only 2 words can describe this great cd and they are ( simply incerdible ) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi
camera neg a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp
music neg as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! !
music neg if i ca n't buy the cd with all the songs that were played in the movie then i wo n't buy it . i know one cd could cover the entire movie so why ca n't this be done ? does it concern copy rights and releases
music neg hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! !
camera pos kodak door strains to shut with this battery . nice idea but , too bad for kodak owners . i have great success though with energizer lithium batteries . they last me a long time and fit perfectly
music pos i have been following gospel since the early 80s . i am a big fan of contemporary gospel and shei atkins defines how r&p gospel should sound . trinitee 5:7 along with dawkins & dawkins have done a great job so far , but shei atkins covers it all- -relationships ( cheating , divorce , pre-marital sex ) ; worship ; hymns ; enocuragement ; you name it and she has a song for it . i just bought the cd and i ca n't take it out of my cd player ! ! her voice is so annointed and unique ! she can easily give beyonce , erykah badu and mary blige a run for their money ! she can easily be played on mainstream radio and everyone would be bobbin ' their heads to it- -yet she has no problem mentioning jesus in any of her songs ! for those christians who are looking for something that they can groove and relax too ( with some anointing ) please buy this cd- -i promise you that you wo n't be disappointed ! i can literally listen to every song on this cd over and over again
music pos first up i give this album a 4.5 / 5 for the fac that it has real hiphop beats and good lyrics . real hiphop , they stayed true to the sound . i just didnt give it a 5 since im not the biggest tcq fan and of that style . but all these emcees spit hott lyrics in this album . tracks like " keep it movin " , " hot sex " have ill beats . this album does have a real jazzy sound to it , which im not the biggest fan of , but its more of a unique style , and they deserve props for trying new styles . so overall this is a really good album , and worth getting . my top 5 songs 1.buggin out 2.hot sex 3.oh my god 4.luck of lucien 5.keep it movi
camera pos the item was exactly as expected . the packaging for shipment , along with the other item i ordered , was unacceptable . a child could have done better
camera pos i bought this a year ago and have taken many great pictures with it . it 's light , has many features and can be used as an automatic when all you want to do is point and click . i ca n't recommend it enough .
camera neg i wish there was a space for zero stars . we bought this frame for my in-laws for christmas and it worked for ten minutes and then died . it was definitely a fault unit and gauging by the other reviews on here , others have had a problem with it freezing . once it does that , there 's no fixing it , apparently . do some research and buy another unit ; that 's what i 'm going to do
camera pos i have had great luck with other opteka lenses , but i had to by a thread adapter . what is the thread size of this lens here ? i need to know before i buy . opteka , please put thread sizes of your lenses in the description . thanks !
camera pos the picture is fine at this price . i bought the panasonic vdr-d100 for my daughter because she usually does n't want to do anything with the computer like edit video . when we gave it to her the first thing she asked was , " can i edit the movies ? " i did a quick test to make sure the dvds would finalize and work on another dvd player with success on 3 computers and 3 dvd players . i did n't find anything the disc would n't play on . then i started up vegas movie studio platinum which i use to edit my minidv movies . i selected import from dvd and it went straight to the minidvd and loaded in the files where i was able to edit and add titles , music , sound effects and a voice over if i wanted to . since i already bought dvd-r / w discs she will be able to reuse them if she ever edits the movies because you can unfinalize the discs and reformat them .
camera neg i am a nikon fan i have nikon 6t and nikon d50. but about coolpix 4600 : all picutures are always blurred or atleast fuzzy . it somehow take decent photos of face and buildings ( if they have strong straight edges / stripes )
music neg i bought this cd for the avril lavigne song keep holding on. i really like her song , and this is the only way i could find to buy get it . was to buy the eragon sound track . i havent seen the movie . besides that i would n't have bought it
music neg i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. .
camera neg after discovering that the makers of a great camera would only offer such an inferior case , i did some more looking . what i ended up with was a pelican case . for those not familiar with these cases stop by any camera / photo shop , and they most likely carry them . they come in many sizes and are simply an airtight , waterproof high impact plastic case with very snug fitting latches . the inside is solid soft foam that you " pluck " to fit what ever you want to store in the case . i purchased the 1300 for my finepix 3800. the case easily holds the camera , battery charger , mini tripod , and 3 xd cards . they come in 4 or 5 colors , and can be used for almost anything you want to protect from damage
music neg if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this.. . and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately
music pos i am a motown , oldies , r&amp ; b , soul , love songs , music lover.i like the songs that hit the heart and soul and hearing them brings back memories that come alive to the rhythem and bill withers definately fits right in there . i do n't realy have a favorite artist because i like sooooo many of them but if i had to pick my top 10 , this album would be in there
music neg so this is the winner of plop idol from the u.k then . well they do n't come prettier than this from scotland i guess , that 's for sure . as far as the music is concerned , avoid ! it 's nothing but a calchony of crap . perhaps michelle should stick at something she is good at - eating chips and mars bars
music pos gene watson was one of the finest voices in country music , and this compilation of 18 hits provide a fine sampling of that voice . considered by some to be " hard country " , i find gene watson to have a more " pop " oriented voice that combined well with his selection of songs ; and in the ' 70 's , that proved to be enough to keep him on the charts . while many of the songs on this album are pure country , others are the typical , drab , 70 's pop that filled the void between the nashville sound and the new traditional era of the 80's . in any case , there is no doubt that gene watson earned his spot in country music , and this collection carries those hits that made him the household name he is today ; including his signature songs " farewell party " and " love in the hot afternoon " . if you prefer the more traditional country sound , his " you could know as much about a stranger " and " should i come home " are also included
camera neg i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery
camera neg this filter is fine for normal shooting , but if you do low-light work , beware ; you will see bad internal reflections on night shots , and will need to remove the filter
camera neg as i have gotten older seeing the tiny print inside the view finder has become more dificult , as well a seeing the image clearly enought to get super sharp focus . i thought this might be a solution . this eyecup fails on all requards . worst feature , the optics are not nearly as clear as you would expect . second the magnification is so minimal as to be useless . last it has the cheep feel of cracker jack plastic , well and the optics to match . now i know where olympus had it manufactured
music neg this cd had the makings of a great recording . the problem was telling popper where they were performing ! butch , please record another one but leave popper at home.he 's full of a lot of things , but talent is n't one of them
music pos ' live etc ' is an absolute must-have compilation for all true gong fans.it features a total of fifteen live tracks of tunes that originally appeared on the band 's key albums ' camembert electrique ' , ' flying teapot ' , ' angel 's egg ' and ' you' .taken from unreleased live soundboard tapes ( i assume ) from shows between 1973-75.absolute best cut here is " where have all the flowers gone ? " along with " 6 / 8 tune " , that are the disc 's only unreleased material.other cosmic gems include " dynamite / i am your animal " , " isle of everywhere " , " oily way " and " master builder " .duration is 78:33.heard they wanted to add the 16th cut that was originally on the 2-lp record , but the cd simply would n't hold it.talk about wanting to give your fans their money 's worth.long live the mother gong ship ! recommended
camera pos i ordered this hoping that it would fit my camera and accessories and it did . i have a stylus 750 plus a pop up screen shade , an extra battery , and an extra picture card . there are two slots specifically designed to fit two picture cards on the inside cover . in the main compartment , a small slit will fit an extra battery or two plus a creit card and perhaps a bit of paper money . ( it wo n't fit much more than that , though . ) it 's compact , stylish and functional- -i 'm glad i bought it
camera pos i use this gem on my 20d along with my 24-105mm , and as far as i 'm concerned it is one of the best optical lenses out there . my 24-105 is n't the ideal indoor / low light lens nor is it the ideal sports photography lens ( although it is sharp , just not quite long enough ) the 70-200 fills in that gap in my arsenal with is to boot ! the photos i 've taken so far on the sidelines are all keepers . if you can afford it , do it , you wo n't regret i
camera neg this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly .
music neg i was disappointed by ms. jackson . though it 's not such a big loss b / c i did n't pay much for it . none of the songs " jumped " out at me . thank god i did n't waste time putting this on my ipod why upset it
camera pos worked like a charm in my panasonic ag-dv30 video camera ! having 5+ hours of battery life really helps when you 're on vacation and do n't want to mess with charging batteries or being " selective " in your shooting . this gives you the freedom to tape what you want and edit out the boring stuff later . worth the money and a good deal here
camera neg this is a nice looking brown suede camera case . based on all the stylus models listed , i assumed my olympic stylus 595 would fit in it but , unfortunately , it does not .
camera pos it is a great camera , very small and gives very good photos in most circumstances . grainy pic in dim light . go to the casio website to download the new firmware for 4gb sd card compatibility . you will get over 1500 high res photos with a 4 gb card , where outpost is selling for 5o dollars a car
music neg as a contemporary of joan baez ( age-wise ) , i loved her early music and the power of her incredible voice . i even empathize with much of her politics , but unfortunately it 's time she rested on her laurels . her voice on this cd is quite far removed from what she was once capable of , and in fact i would have to say that there is no comparison between her vocal ability on bowery songs , and her earlier quality . like some professional athletes , she seems to not know when to quit.. .
camera neg i made the mistake of selecting the bundle without reading the requirements closely . the lens is for a variety of canon cameras but the adapter only works with the a6xx series . my adapter arrived and it does n't work with my camera . kinda misleading and now i have to spend more to buy the correct adapter separately . bummer . also , captain jack is correct about the vignetting . this lens is sort of like a magnifying class that sits in front of the built-in zoom lens . if you zoom wide angle , you see the horrible vignetting he mentioned . if you stay zoomed in , it works ok . disappointing
music pos dj quik ( the best producer ever ) did all the tracks in this one with help from robert bacon on some tracks . this album is just classic nuthin more to it !
camera neg review : unit had a very large defect in the field of view . it 's not one of the usual spots from the intensifier tube ; those i am aware of as i have other night vision devices . this goes about 1 / 4 of the way across , near the center . had to return it . poor quality control . update - the new one does not have any image defects . it also does n't focus as sharply as the first one did ( or my other one does ) , but it is n't too bad
music pos i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! !
music neg back 2 da basics *1 / 2 stars yo gotti has made some decent albums , but this one is just so ridiculous and silly that it made me sick , gotti who thinks he put memphis on the map , has some good songs here and there , but the rest are just ridiculous , obnioxus and real pretentious . this is not a good album thumbs down
camera pos set the diffusion to ' stun ' when you do n't want your flash to ' kill ' with harsh , sharp , shadowy edges . yes , you need this if you have an sb-600. why ? nikon does n't make a diffuser for that model . basically , it fits snugly on the tip of the flash , slides off and on easy , will also protect your flashbulb from acidental nicks , like that macro shot of the benihana chefs . here 's what it does : diffuses your flash without having to go all into your menu settings and make adjustments . simple , sherlock . the omni-bounce ( what an imaginative name for a piece of shaped plastic ) performs as expected , no real cons , except shipping adds almost 50% to the price , so check your local camera shop to see if they have it in stock before ordering
camera pos i highly recommend the raynox dcr 1540pro teleconverter for the canon s2 instead of the canon branded one . hoya makes a 67mm uv filter for this and both are available at lensmate.com . the canon wc-dc58a wide angle converter however is really good . tiffen made a better one but it seems to not be available anymore . by the way , the function that the s2 provides for settings using the lens adaptors and teleconvertors are to adjust for the autofocus function of the camera and are necessary unless you wish to try to focus yourself using the manual focus which , in my mind , because of the lcd both in the screen as well as in the viewfinder with a lower resolution than an optical viewfinder , is iffy at best . trust the camera.....it really does an excellent job . one final note , i would recommend using the focus bracketing option in lower light situations as the auto focus is weak in those situations .
camera pos this lens does ok at magnifying about 2x max . on full zoom , the magnification was not as sharp as without the close-up lens
camera pos my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced
camera pos i recently moved into the prosumer level of digital . the canon d30 has proven to be an awesome camera . there maybe better ( d60 ) , but if you are serious about digital , the d30 has to be one of the best cameras for the price . there is a slight lag between shots , but if you are not photographing speeding bullets and express trains , the time between shots is hardly a distraction
music pos the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today .
camera neg i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! !
camera neg i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
music pos i finally got this cd , i have been looking for this cd for awhile now , a great by well worth it
music pos as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late 1960 's through the mid 1980 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a " must-have " for all iron butterfly fans
music neg i hate the beatles . they are amongst my music guide top 20 worst bands ever . they only made a few decent songs in hey jude , let it be , and ballad of john and yoko . rest of their songs just stink ! even a mark knopfler cd without dire straits is better than this ! like i said , anyone who listens to the beatles or zeppelin do n't know what good music is about , huh ! ! ! good music is required dire straits , green day , foreigner , gnr , metallica , and nirvana . get any album from those bands insted . the beatles suck ! ! ! !
music neg the kidz bop series is the ultimate travesty in music . and do n't think that it 's good just because your kids might love it . kids also like to eat mcdonalds , but do n't try telling me that their food is healthy . there is plenty of good music out there than is clean enough for children . and , surprisingly , a lot of these songs are very inappropriate for children , even with the expletives deleted . there is no reason on earth why these records should exist , excepting for the fact that record execs want to milk more money out of the singles once their radio play starts to diminish . i agree with the person who suggested the beatles as an alternative . seriously , do n't buy this !
music neg stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review
music neg i purchased " empty " not long after it came out and it was fairly enjoyable , but eventually forgettable , pop / rock . this sophomore effort is , simply put , amatuer and sub-par . some of these sound like they would have been packaged more effectively as " empty " b-sides , while the cover of " electric avenue " never really distracts most listeners from thinking " what is this and why ? " over all , this might appeal to most christian radio listeners , but only because they will never scrutinize it for what it actually is : mold-fitting white noise
music neg i loved shedaisy 's first album the whole shebang . and i also really enjoy their christmas albumn . they have beautiful voices and i love the three part harmonies they come up with . i was very excited to get their newest album but i was sure dissapointed . this is a very dark and depressing album . almost every song is about lost love . also , all the songs but 1 are slow . where is the upbeat shedaisy i fell in love with ? ? ? i would suggest passing this one up and instead just listening to the whole shebang again . still , i look forward to what the future may bring from them . these sisters have alot of talent
music neg metallica never recovered from the death of cliff burton , as this album is prime evidence of . he helped to bring depth to the songs that is not present here . also , newstead only gets one song on this album , which is ironically the best song on the album . in the history of metallica , this album marks the transition from artistic song writing to commercial
camera neg i purchased this for my daughter since i had already had purchased one for myself . the pictures are clear and crisp . if i had to buy another i would purchase the same
camera neg i bought this camera and it took great pictures above water , but none of the pictures i took underwater turned out . i looked at the negatives and it was like i never even clicked the shutter . the negatives were blank where i took the underwater pictures
music pos jodeci 's forever my lady has a problem that most nineties r&b releases had at that time , if the fast songs were tight then the slow songs suck and vice versa . jodeci 's first cd had some of the finest slow songs to come off of one cd in 1991. stay , forever my lady , come & talk to me , u&i , and i 'm still waiting rank with the best but every single fast is hot trash
music neg i got this cd after seeing what i remembered as a decent video on fuse tv . maybe i was half-asleep , because after listening to this ho-hum entry into the world of emo copycats , i ca n't even remember or recognize which song it was . this album is ultimately forgettable- - better off listening to any jimmy eat world cd again and again , which is actually an enjoyable experience
camera neg i made mistake getting such a big & bulky case for small minidv sony camcorder hc26. this case can take any big size old camcorders ( like old sony hi8 ) , so if you are looking for your new camcorder this definately is a bad choice
camera neg the camera is a great camera.it is one of the best kind of camera in its level.everything is great in that ( perfect picture and easy to work ) but in that package as i saw in amazon add , the remote suppose to be in the package and comes with it but it wo n't and there is not remute in that package and it is kind of cheating...be careful about this product if you think whatever has written comes with package but not .
music pos tim mcgraw does it again . it is a great album with some really great songs . a must have
camera pos purchased a printer dock and camera bundle , from a local office supply store for $100. it only came with a 10 picture sample cartridge , so i purchsed this from amazon . amazon had the best price around on this item and free shipping . it works great . no complaints . the paper is not quite as shiny and or as thick as the epson photo glossy paper that i still use for some pictures , but works well for my classroom , to give to my students . the pictures do not run like some inkjet pictures do if you accidentally drip water on them
music pos if you want a feel good , come home from work and forget your day cd you found it her
music neg certainly not deserving of the grammy ( for cast recording ) . each of the other nominated productions is much better than this poor excuse of a revival .
music neg a lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves . ironic lyrics like " image of the invisible " do not make them intellectual . this trash is not music . get it off my radio ! if only i could give 0 stars. .
music neg this was the worst thing i 've ever heard , except maybe clap your hands say yeah . my cousin who has absolutely no musical taste introduced me to them and i hate them forever
camera pos bought this tripod to use with my spotting scope for target shooting . easy attachment to my scope and multiple adjustment heights , with the crank , make it easy to zero in on the target and allow anyone to see thru the scope , no matter how tall they are . compact and lite to carry , makes it easy to transport to and from the range
music pos grew up on this group . love them then and love them now . own the " best of " collection but you can never compile the best on one cd . for those winans fans you know what i 'm talking about . these brothers are music genuises especially marvin winans . like stevie wonder they were ahead of their time . my favorite song on this album shares the message of all times . " together we stand " opens up the eyes to all race , religion , and creed that its time to come together if we want to see a change in this world regardless of background . entire album is great including the celebrity appearances such as stevie wonder , teddy riley , and aaron hall . i like the flavor the cameos add to this album . if you 're into mid-tempo music this is the album to purchase
music pos this cd is a confusing mix of punk bands , from pop-punk 's sum 41 & good charlotte to punk favorites alkaline trio , vandetta red , & the casualties to bands that i 've never even heard of such as unsung zeros , ozma , & destruction made simple . i reccomend this cd if you 're looking for new bands to like & listen to . although it 's a confusing cd , it gives you new ideas of just how deep you 're going to go in the punk underground
music neg i was disappointed when i received this cd . although it is original , the music is hard for me to listen for more than a minute or two . by your side , ( my favorite ) is good for about two minutes . then the beat gets off track , and starts to sound terrible . if this was done on purpose , i cannot fathom why . i know this is " lo-fi " , but a hint of bass would n't hurt at all . as it stands , the cd sounds like an unfinished product , and is not nearly good enough to stand on its own . i think this cd would best be used for some sampling...especially in today 's hip-hop . if you are looking for beautiful , relaxing music...look elsewhere
camera neg i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ?
camera neg at 300mm this lens is very soft , it 's hard to get a shot that looks like it 's in focus . to do so , you need to shoot at about f / 11 , and then since there is little light available , you usually have to bump the iso to 800 or 1600 just to get an acceptable shutter speed . of course , the high iso then introduces other artifacts . the focus is also dead slow and often does n't lock on . this is a lens that i have constantly fought with . do n't upgrade to the new 70-300 is either , as it 's only marginally better . buy the 70-200 f / 4l . it 's a far superior lens
camera neg i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price
camera neg not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for !
music pos the sounds were very convincing , i actually felt like i was there even my daughter thought it was really storming outside since i have a subwoofer and was able to control the thunder intensity ( all this was at night ) the only thing missing was the strobe light to add to the lightnig effect . it does relax you and allows you to destress . there are other types of stress management cd 's out there but if you like the outdoors and your'e not able to get away then this is what may work for you . johnny lina
music pos at first , i thought the only reason why i wanted this cd was because idina menzel was on it . but now , after listening to the whole cd , i was right , idina menzel was amazing , and all of the other cast members are incredibly talented too . i would highly recommend this because it is a very interesting story , it 's incredibly complex music ( theoretically ) , but at the same time it is very enjoyable ! ! ! ! i would give it more stars if i could.. . but i am only allowed 5... : (
camera pos i enjoy all the features of this item . the main compartment that hold the camera is soft and secure . you can open it without worrying about your camera falling off . the back compartment is roomy enough for all the basic gear . the slot for memory cards 1-4 ( depends on the card type ) , batteries ( roomy for four aa ) , and cables can fit in it . the shoulder strap is basic and looks flimsy . it 's not long enough to hold comfortable diagonally but on the side is good . the belt loop is very secure and can fit on belt three inch in width . it can even handle the worst environment ever . hot , dry climate with sandstorms and occasional accidental drops . it has protected my dig . camera very well
music neg after reading glowing reviews of the dbts i picked up three of their cds . while some of the lyrics are strong , the songs have no melodies whatsoever . most of the arrangements consist of guitars blaring over a terrible singer . they 're reputed to be carrying on the tradition of skynyrd and the allmans . but those bands were n't just loud guitars...they had memorable tunes and great singers . dbts are a huge letdown
music neg i mainly bought this album because i was going to see them on this tour . in fact the gig i was at was the opening show on the tour . again , the band uses their patented formula basically creating the same album over and over again . i find most of this album to be very average . actually after listening , this album is not very good at all . the majority of the songs are clich ridden in both music and lyrics . there are a couple of catchy tracks most notably " safe in new york city " which is a bit different but most of this album is cock rock at its most basic . probably one of the bands weakest efforts
camera neg poor quality unit . worked sometimes , sometimes not . gave up and returned it after a couple of weeks of trying it out
music neg people this is easy listening at it 's easiest . every song is and will be a candidate for adult contemperary rotation in 2 years , that is if it is n't allready . i do n't know anything about what they have done in the past , except for a song i remember being played on the radio a few years ago . must have been on the album prior to this . but that song sounds just like two tracks on this one . not only that but if there was n't a pause in between these mini mediocre fests i could n't really tell any of them apart . horrible music with no feeling or soul , not even creative . do n't waste your time with this .
music pos this is the soundtrack that led me into the wonderful world of glam rock ! it is outstanding and i could just play it again and again... . it is certainly one of the most brilliant albums out there and probably my favourite soundtrack of all time .
music neg there is now no trace of delight left in this band . all songs are either moderately slow and somewhat self-indulgent or frightfully slow and quite self-indulgent . i do love this band and pronounce praises upon them whenever i receive a doe-eyed look saying their name , but this cd and the cd previous ( which did have 1 tune , " apples , " with which one could smile ) does , for the first time , take away any anticipation for their next collection of chopfallen tunes . first , we loose the roses , then the ned 's disband , following that , swervedriver breaks apart and velocity girl is gone forevermore . now my charlatans have become charlatans of the great band they once were .
music pos when i bought this cd it was for a little bit of nostalgia - those were the days . since playing it once when it blew me away with the tracks and the memories , i have played it so often that if it were vinyl it would be worn out by now . if you liked mary hopkins then this is a fantastic selection of her music and well worth a place in your collection
music neg some of the songs here are good , most notably " never be forgotten " .....beautiful . i heard this song on the radio and i thought it was faith hill or martina mcbride singing . herein lies the problem . the song is good , the voice is good . but if she sounds like faith or martina , there 's no distinction to set her off from the rest of the pack out there . add to this that this is mostly bubble-gum pop and not country....there 's really nothing that stands out here . why are recording companies giving contracts to people who sound like everybody else out there ? that 's the question .
camera neg the product features are ok , but the screen is very small . also , the resolution needs to be better . the photos were very grainy . an impressive looking product with not so impressive output
camera pos i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11 " x17 "
camera neg good : motor drive speed . grip feel . takes nikon lenses . reacts fast to pressing the shutter release . bad : skin tone renditions a color other than skin . white balance does n't balance well . noise at anything above iso 200 , looks like 3200. cf card door tough to open . screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot . battery cover is not part of the battery . button placement not as intuitive as on the d100. 4.1mp allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it
camera pos very nice bag and well made . however , i bought it for the canon dc100 dvd camcorder and found it a little small for carrying all the equipment ( cords and charger ) .
camera pos it was n't the easiest thing to transfer photos from a computer and to delete the " samples " on the frame was no picnic either , but once learned it becomes easier . i went from frustrated to happy , soon enough
music pos i am 62 years old , and seen them all . i have never seen anyone as visually and emotionally stunning as beth hart at the paradiso ! simply the most powerful stage performance i have ever witnessed ! she takes every single song to an epic level of entertainment , and just plain never coasts through a song . some of the spectators in attendance looked almost scared by what they were seeing , and most were mesmerized by her on-stage and off stage sexually potent antics ! she has been compared to janis . i saw janis twice , and beth hart would bury janis in any category ! i ca n't imagine how she can possibly maintain a level like that captured at the paradiso for very long- -it just does n't seem humanly possible ! i am so glad someone was there with so highly skilled a video crew to capture one of the most shattering evenings of music ever . magnificent in its fury !
music pos i love this show so much ! ! it just has so much passion and beauty and all the cast members sing so well ! ! sutton foster as jo , was cast very well , its obvious she deserved that tony nomination in 2005 , and the sisters , even though they were n't the leads , they all had such great songs , especially beth , whose song , " some things are meant to be " always brings tears to my eyes , its just so touching . i would definitely recomend this cd to anyone who loves musical theatr
music pos i love this album . mc lyte is one of the best female rappers.how can someone not like her rap
camera neg i found the same problem that other users of this product experienced . particularly the issue of the shutter release being at the bottom of the camera when composing a portrait oriented shot . i found a stroboframe flash bracket that rotates the camera counter clockwise within the flash bracket instead of flipping the flash . this leaves the shutter release at the top of the camera and also alleviated the other problem of speed light hot shoe breakage from repeated " flipping " of the flash that some other users have reported . the item is manufactured by stroboframe and can be found at an ebay store called " gadget infinity " under the listing title of " flash bracket with 90 degrees camera rotate feature " . buy it now price is $29.99. i just bought one and it arrived yesterday and i could not be happier . pass the word of this ingenious new product that will solve the issues that have plagued photographers for the past several years
camera neg i would spend a little more money and buy a better quality camera . the picture quality was not good at all . i previously owned another kodak camera with the same megapixels and the picture quality on that camera was much better . just after a year of using the kodak c300 camera , it stopped working and i did not use it that much . i now own the sony cybershot dsc-w50 that takes great pictures , i have n't had any problems with it and i have been using it on an almost daily basis since may 2006
music pos omg ! ! this is relient ks best cd yet . you should buy it , even if you did n't care for their other cds . because....well...it rocks ! !
camera pos i have n't used it much but the few photos i have taken are excellent . i 'm not a photography expert so i 'll leave the technicalities to others . telephoto capability is increased noticeably but not a huge amount . the high quality of this lens , as with the wide-angle , is obvious . comes with caps and a storage bag
camera pos i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall
music neg it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier
music neg this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship .
music neg so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version .
music pos this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums
music neg there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination
music neg this never should 've been pressed . they should 've taken the mix and thrown it out . do not buy ! !
camera pos this is a wonderful lens with great image quality , very fast , and very good build quality . no complaints
music neg i ca n't believe the touch of b.b. king . i enjoy his playing immensely . i know this album gets buried in accolades . but i do n't like it . the quality is poor and , differing from other 's opinions , the crowd noise takes away from the music . b.b. said , in so many words , that live at the regal was far from his choice as his best recording . typically , he said he would n't argue with success- -and left it at that . there are so many good albums by b.b. you ca n't go wrong for $4.65 for the " ultimate collection " . sure it does n't have them all- -but it has quite a few of his great songs , including a few from live at the regal . i would steer clear of this selection . or i 'll send you mine for free
music neg to much guitar , drowns out all the other instruments . survivor was made famous by heavy keyboards and drums , not guitars . i was expecting another burning heart , is this love , high on you . no songs on this albums have that sound . the vocals by jamison are top notch , but none of the songs sound like the survivor i remember . survivor guitars were only there to complement the keyboards , bass and drums , not drive the whole song . i guess jim peterik was the man behind survivor all along . i give the cd 2 stars for fire makes steel , the rest are throw aways . ***recommended for die hards only*** i highly recommend ' when seconds count ' for anyone getting started with survivor
music pos forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming
camera pos the case is great ! it fits the camera perfectly and is exactly what i expected to receive when ordering . the price was right but the shipping was a little higher than i expected
camera neg the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right
camera pos the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out .
music pos i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration
music pos wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album
camera neg i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
music pos my one complaint is that after i listen to this cd , the catchy tunes get stuck in my head ! and then i want to keep listening to it more and more . i love the selections on this cd , the fact that the songs are in english ( i always wondered what the " figaro , figaro , figaro " song was about ! ) , and that a little background is given to each piece as well
camera pos for its size and price , this little light ca n't be beat . very transportable and produces a dramatic influence on the image quality of evening shoots indoors . i think this is a must have for camcorder owners . my vhs family movies shot over 20 years ago are still a source of pure joy , so i see this as a miniscule investment for the long-term return .
music pos like many of the highly talented and innovative groups of the 1980 's , the pet shop boys were ahead of their time . this album was purchased mainly for " west end girls " and " it 's a sin . " play this album from beginning to end without interruption - it 's fantastic . " loves comes quickly " emerges for me as the best of the pet shop boys remarkable and unique sound - a composition reflecting orchestral complexity and pulsating energy . the great contributions of great britain and australia to music in the 1980 's in my opinion comes largely from their composers and performers effectively combining the power and harmonic complexity of some classical music compositions of the mid 1920 's to the early 1950 's ( no doubt the origins of some great movie scores ) with the emerging sophistication and always present upbeat effect of rock and roll . you will love the pet shop boys
music pos jeff beck is far from the typical rock guitarist . he never took the easy path of showing how fast or virtuoso he is . instead , he is full of intriguing and explosive ideas that make you want to listen to this cd over and over again . that 's what musicianship is all about , and jeff has plenty of it
music neg ashlee 's recent face lift and apparent nose job is proof that 's she 's all plastic and no talent . she must of asked the dr to make her look like her sister . very sad cause she 's unrecognizable now . better looking , maybe , still ca n't sing or dance .
camera neg i bought this frame as a gift for my parents and ended up returning it . the price was right but the quality was poor and there were 2 spots on the screen that looked like they were already burned out ( displaying blue and green pixels ) . i did enjoy the fact that it hooks right up to the computer with a usb port but that is about all . overall do n't waste your time and money
camera neg this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality
camera pos the np-bg1 type g lith pack had good picture life , but i 'd carry a spare if your going to use your cameras movie feature
camera pos i have been using kodak cameras for years . this is my third kodak digital camera . it does everything , including taking excellent close-up wildlifephotos . it is as easy to use as a point and shoot . however , it does have all the bells and whistles needed for a professional style camera . it is well worth the money . look no further this is the camera for you
music pos i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great
music neg if you are short on money , do not buy this c.d. you will regret it . however if you are trying to get rid of a gift voucher or something side one is really good , especially the dr. evil " just the two of us " . really this is not a good album , as side two is rubbish . i still have n't listened to it all the way throug
music neg about half the songs are great old songs i 'm familiar with , the other half are songs made famous by other artists and most are clangers for elvis that are painful to listen to
music pos " the passion of the christ - songs " is a fine collection of great songs , each in their own way a reaction to the spectacular film that mel gibson has created . the standouts are the song " i see love " by steven curtis chapman , third day an mercyme ; scott stapp 's powerful solo debut song " relearn love ; " " rainy day " by big dismal , and the emotional " new again " by brad paisley and sarah evans . despite a couple of songs that do n't reach their true potential ( " the passion , " and " how many lashes " ) , this is a fine cd that belongs in anyone 's and everyone 's christian music collection . grade : a -
camera pos the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out .
music neg this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself .
music neg she is not a singer , she is not able to write , play and read the scores / music . she is an entertainer ! the problem is : you ca n't stop the stupid kids for buying the celebrate pop crappy albums today . who still recognize this maid in the next 10 years ? it is the same case like britney spears and spice girls ! ps : pls throw away the cd from your window or burn it to the hot ash volcanos ! ! ! thank god for america 's future pop artists like this one !
camera neg i own several great digital cameras . it seems like i get one for each use - one with good zoom , another camera for its good flash use in lowlight and others . this one i wanted for the high mp in a small compact size that i can put into my pocket . the first few photos were great , taken outdoors in my sunny patio . then every picture i took after that ( same settings - fine , hq , poster 10m etc.. . and vertical lines started showing on the lcd screen and the pictures were all washed out . when i download them on the computer , they look exactly that way too - with the lines and almost all white . i 've played around with the settings ( and i do know how to work them ) but still it does the same . so time to return to find a better one . that 's too bad since i read some good reviews and wanted to have it
camera pos i 've had a ton of these , and i take them on camping trips with kids where the main activity is playing in big mud fields . i 've had them in my pocket while rolling around in the mud , taken it out , shot a few pics , put it back in the pocket with no problem . ( see pictures for examples of " mud photos " ) a couple of times i 've had them stand up to so much moisture and abuse that the cardboard falls off , but still had beautiful pictures every time , no jams or over-exposures . i 've found the two pack at walmart on sale for $8.99 a couple of times , and you absolutely cannot be that deal . this is my favorite disposable camera , and i 've tried them all .
music pos what can i say about vince gill that his many fans have n't already mentioned . i had never been particularly interested in country music . but , one day i was listening to a country radio station and vince gill was singing " when ever you come around " and i was hooked . this cd is as consistant as all his others . great lyics and superb musicianship . i rate this five stars as i believe gill is one of the best singer songwriters in the world today
music neg the fact that this has had no us release was an immediate warning .... however as a longtime fan i figured i would check it out . boy is this bad . there are a few decent tracks , however the truly awful " crazy little thing called love " , " this magic moment " , " only you " - among many others - make this unlistenable . miss ross is a great singer and interpeter - check out the delicacy she approached the billie holliday material . she is a producer 's singer : ashford and simpson , chic , holland dozier holland - even hall & oates - all were able to take her talent and create - in some cases - true all time classics . this is a mess . diana , your voice still sounds great - stop executive producing your projects
camera neg this camera was a pain to pick the mode to get the camera to work . it 's batteries died all the time and lost all of the pictures . when you did get a picture loaded on the computer the software was terrible . we trashed it within 2 weeks of purchasing
camera neg i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product
camera neg this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions
music neg after souring to dizzying heights with their first four albums ( a feat achieved by only a handful of bands ) the inevitable fall seems to have come on this disc . the bunnymen built their reputation on moody , psychedelic concept pieces that culminated in ocean rain . for this release the band moves into more ' mainstream ' territory , eschewing album-wide cohesiveness for a more radio friendly approach . unfortunately these lightweight songs do n't work as well as the tantalizingly obscure sound they abandoned . if you 're new to the bunnymen you 're probably better served by checking out their first four albums ( crocodiles , heaven up here , porcupine and ocean rain ) or skipping forward to their more recent efforts evergreen and flowers
music pos this cd is soo cool ! ! i love all the songs ! they are all good efforts . i especially like mr. coffee you have gotta hear that song ! other than that this is a great cd ! ! buy it today ! ! you 'll enjoy i
camera pos i love this camera . i have now traveled all over the usa , some places in europe , and will be using it in china . lens is excellent . i wish it were lighter weight , but ca n't have everything . and this weight has certainly no been a problem given its zoom . i have had this camera for over two years now and have no desire to switch to anything else
music neg it is bad ! as much as i like " 10 new songs " , this one disappointed me a lot .
camera pos i purchased this camera to use with my previous church 's media ministry , based on my trial use of the vx2000. that was three years ago . this camera is still running as well as it did when i bought it . i use it upwards of 3 times a week to create content for web and dvd production , plus , i get great digital audio recordings when i plug directly into my current church 's sound system . the ability to tweak audio and video input on the fly is incredible . now that i am creating a multimedia team for our church , i 've convinced the church to buy one for themselves
music pos i agree with most of the reviewers that this band was very underated.great singing electric and acoustic guitar playing and great songs.why were songs like natures way and i got a line not huge hits ? i got a line made the top 40 i think.natures way was a great acoustic ballad.also nothing to hide has a nice acoustic / electric section.also mister skin could of been a hit catchy.this band was better than a lot of the crap that came out in the late 1960 's all the bad hippie bands of that era.as for the whole album i think it would get five stars if it had some live tracks as bonus cuts , like a live i got a line or natures way live hearing that live would of been fun . i heard samples on a live spirit cd.a great unknown band that everyone should give a listen to and to remember what real musicians and songs were about in the old days
camera neg nothing special and probably over-priced for what it is . the leather is nigh on invisible . it 's more of a skin to protect the camera from scratches , " case " would be stretching the definition somewhat
camera neg i bought this toy a year ago and tried it on my etx-90ec telescope all i got is hazy moon video , the resolution is poor the maximum pixels is 640*420 which is very pooooooor resolution it didnt reach even 1 mega pixels , hey we 've got now 12 megapixels chips why dont provide it celstron ? ? ? tried to edit it with the included poor software but it was useless i thought it might need bigger telescope so the aperture would be higher and i might able to see some stars or galaxies as per advertisement i went to my cousin who has lx90 8 " telescope , the result was bright dots seem to be stars i dont recommend this toy its a waste of money if you want really to take serious photograph try to attach your film or digital camera to your telescope by t-adapte
camera neg i do n't see how they can recommend this kit for all dx cameras . the dx7590 would barely fit in that case
camera neg i bought the 2700 easy share camera and printer dock . money thrown away ! ! the camera does n't take quality pictures in my opinion and the printer was junk , also in my opinion . it truly is junk now as i got so frustrated with it , i threw it on the floor and smashed it . not kidding ! when i first got it , i called kodak and they told my son ( who is knowledgeable in this stuff ) how to reset the printer . we reset it and it worked for awhile . then it would n't work any more and i did away with it . no more kodak for me and my son bought a different brand after he saw how mine worked
camera pos it is light ; has 6x magnification ; and easy to use . this little tool is great for any golfer . you must know the yardage before you can select the correct club . how far is it to either the top of that bunker next to the green or the flagstick ? next , you just then need to pull the club that will get you there . fits on your belt through a loop in the safe carrying case or use the supplied clip to attached the case to your golf bag . these new laser rangefinders are better than ever and at a lower price than previous models . love it
music neg this cd is garbage . juvenile should go hang him self after putting out this album . he was alright when he first came out but now he sucks the big one . if i was you dont listen to the retards who tell you " this is a good comeback album " . instead of wasting you cah on this crap i recommend welcome back by mase . that is a good comeback album . the only thing that makes the album even worth noting is the beats of mannie fresh . juvenile just was a waste of those excellent beats . a shame they could n't go to ja rule , whose cd sucked with his beats . he has the vocal and writing talent but his beats blow
camera neg i bought this camera a year ago , the camera is goog only for outdoor use with a lot of light , but for using indoor ( with flash ) is very , very bad . when you use flash the photo are not good , but if you go to beach this may be a regular choice , if you can bought another camera .
camera pos this thing is perfect for carrying your stuff around in a not-so-fattening way . i hvae an external flash , macro kit , 28-80 lens , 50mm lens , 18-55mm lens , dslr w / batt grip and 75-300mm lens attached all fit into the main body of this thing . everything is seperated by the dividers making me feel confident and safe while walking , hiking , biking , etc. the addon pouches seem to make it a bit more bulking that you 'd want , but the bag all by itself is fantastic and i ca n't recommend it enough - get away from huge bulky shoulder bags ! ! lowepro did it again
music neg very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick
camera neg the battery which " popped up " with my camera order does not match the camera . thus i am stuck with the hassel of returning a battery . i was leaving for a trip when it arrived and so i had to go out and buy a replacement after it arrived .
camera pos i read many reviews at fredmiranda.com before i purchased this lens and i was not dissapointed one bit . i was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try . the macro shots were very sharp and contrasty . the center part is already reaching near maximum sharpness at f2.8 anything beyond f4 is tack sharp . be carefull with this lens though . the dof at f2.8 is extremely narrow . do n't mistaken the out of focus shots for being unsharp . focus properly and crank up the aperture and you 'll get some very satisfying macro shots . the only thing i wish this lens had was image stabilizer . canon , how about a 100mm macro with is ?
camera pos this camera is an exelent camara . it has plenty of effects , plenty of modes , plenty of scenery options . the image quality is 3.2 megapixel , but its quite good . the pictures you take without the flash do end up getting a bit blury , where as if you take it with the flash , it comes out exelent . and sometimes it takes a long time for the picture to get taken with out the flash , and sometimes it happens imediatly . but all these flaws are only with my version . but if you are looking for a good camera with a great price , this is your best option
camera neg made the mistake of taking this camera on a trip to the pool ! ! pictures were horrible . eye piece is the biggest pain ! ! do n't buy this piece of junk . if you want great , good , wonderful pictures , buy the fuji quicksnap camera . kodak could have done much , much better
camera pos i purchased a nikon l5 from costco 2 weeks ago but returned it on saturday after i saw the lz-7. the lz-7 is way better in all aspects than the nikon l5 , save for the adjustable zoom in movie mode . pros : takes great pictures ; optical image stabilization ; 6x zoom ; and , great price . it is also made in japan , not china as the nikon l5 is . cons : fixed zoom while in movie mode ; no on-board camera speakers
camera neg i bought this about 10 months ago with an additional camera . the night vision only works on one of the cameras and the interference is horrible . it snaps and pops all night long and i have to move it all around to find " just the right spot " .i actually have to sleep with earplugs in to drown out the noise . i live in a single story 2100 sq . foot house . i should have returned it right away , but i kept it because i had no other monitor at the time . now , 10 months later , the volume control does not work anymore ! i am now trying to find a new monitor . i love having the video monitor though , so i will look for a different brand
music neg the only thing you can say about today 's music is that it 's disguisting , gross , and made by recording artists who drop out of school and seem to think that a life as a rap music artists is so cool , until they get shot . every copy of this cd should be burned
music neg phaeton 's son flew on wings of wax into sun crashed and burned instea
music neg i just wanted to let you know about a copyright situation . in this movie there is a part where they are sitting in a mexican food restuarant and there is a song playing in the back round . that song is not listed on the song track and i think it should be . the song is atrevido by orishas . i think this is wrong .
music neg i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain
music neg maybe her harp playing could be acceptable , but when she sings.. . everything turns awful . the worst singer i ever heard
music pos i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed .
camera neg i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation .
camera pos i use this film just normally for everyday stuff . it is n't grainy when you enlarge the photos , and the colors are just outstanding . i use the 800 for the really important stuff though because i think the colors are more vibrant . but , for just vacations , stuff around the house , the 400 will do a great job . anything less it basically a waste of money . i shoot at least a roll a week just of everyday life and this is the one that i choose all the time . i have a basket full
music pos i 've had this cd since it came out and it continues to be my favorite . it 's a cd that i can put in anytime and thoroughly enjoy . this would be my pick for the cd to have while stranded on an island . it never gets boring and made me appreciate just how good schon is . unbelievable . if you like this , you 'll like eric johnson 's venus isle album too . two of my all time favorites
music neg i should first state that i am a huge ej fan . his music has been extremely important to me over the years . he is , without a doubt , a genius ... i would go so far as to call him the mozart of our times . but , elton can also write bloated , self-indulgent tripe , and if you ask me , this album belongs in that bucket . i give it 2 stars just because of ssmlt , one of his all-time greats . i never cease to be blown away by that song . but the rest of this album ? booooooring ! ! !
camera neg i found the product to be made very poorly....all it too is one drop on the floor and the camera battery door cracked and that was is for the camera too....not a kid friendly camera at all
music neg i love milton nascimento 's early work ( " travessia " and " clube da esquina " ) , but this does not reach that level by far . my main objection is that it does not live up to the promise delivered by the famous names of the participants like herbie hancock , wayne shorter , pat metheny a.o. " vera cruz " is ok , but the rest is just too pretentious . just as a warning to all brazilian music lovers out there : this is certainly not a must have , apart from die hard milton fans . i would rather recommend to check out the latest releases by fellow brazilian caetano veloso ( " livro " and " prenda minha " ) , because they are really indispensable
camera neg i have had both the s5000 and the s5100 i was disapointed when my s5000 power switch stopped working after 18 months , but i was happy with the picture quality . i replaced it with the s5100 , it has a slightly better feature set over the s5000 ( in particular shutter speed choices ) while on a trip to niagara falls , i was unfortunate to give my camera a slight jolt ( and i mean slight ) after that it would n't power up . i am now looking for something a liitle more robust and reliable .
music pos plain and simple...cage is one of the best underground rappers around.....and soon after hell 's winter drops i think he will be accepted into mainstream......this cd is cage at his craziest , the beats are hott , the rhymes are hot...buy this cd....and if you like this cd buy some of his other cds , weatherproof , night hawks , smut peddler 's : porn again , the leak brothers : water world , and hell 's winter
music pos i 'm a bit surprised by the negative reviews , this cd is amazing . it 's not anything like soundgarden or audioslave - but it 's amazing none-the-less . every song on here is beautifully written , and , as always , cornell 's voice does n't disappoint . it 's different , but one of my new favorite cds
camera pos i purchase this on december 2006 i have other 10x50 binocular but when i look at sky through this binox..it 's amazing ! ! ! i recommend it for astronomy and birding trip. .
camera pos this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is
camera pos excelent battery ! i recommend it for all olympus slr digital cameras . i am using it on my e300 and you can take a lot of pictures in one day . i have 2 batteries because of outdoors shoots and this is really enough .
music neg pls tell me tat tis boxset is a joke ! ! ! ! classic rock - reo , romantics ... bangles ? ? ? its more like classic new wave . only thing good would be the price . pls ... who ever the a&amp ; r people are ... pls ... pls ... design something bette
camera pos have used this lens from the deer stand while hunting , at sporting events ( indoor and outdoor ) and at concerts . fast focusing and great image stabilization ( is does use quite a bit more power , though ) . have not had one problem with it . solid build and has a little heft to it . it is a bit pricey , but i chaulk that up to it being about the best on the market . would recommend it to anyone looking for a top shelf lens .
camera neg i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. .
music neg is n't wearing your ancestry on your sleeve so blatantly and in such a predictable fashion just a 21st century version of al jolson ? the problem with so many new-traditionalist artists is that they lessen rather than deepen the understanding of the complexity and diversity of the celebrated cultural groups experience . hippies and white liberals love it , but where does that leave those that are living it ? far better capturing the latina experience are julietta venegas , south of the border , and east la 's lysa flores , north of the border
music neg great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks
camera pos i went to ritz camera today and took a good look at the tz3. i 'll tell you , its pretty nice . the build quality is really good , as a previous person mentioned . the body is metal . the dials and buttons click with precision , and have a nice resistance . it has a nice weight to it . i took some nice shots in the store . i must have clicked off 100 pics . i 'm impressed with it . if you want something relatively small , powerful and tough , this camera is for you . the 10x zoom is great , but on such a small camera it is difficult to hold it steady enough ( at least for me ) to use the zoom too much . i love the build quality and style , so i may be biased . it 's a nice piece of equipment . i cannot speak to the photo quality only having seen pics on the camera 's lcd
camera neg very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much
music neg it would be impossible for me to write you a review . i never received the subject cd . you sent me some piece of crap dics which i sent back . i have not received the gene watson cd i ordered and paid for . if i do n't get it soon , you will never hear from me again . edward n clark - herrin , i
music pos the first time ever i saw this group " amici forever " as they were singing " unchained melody " , i have confused that song like classical music . because , it was very familiar . actually , i did n't know exactly what 's that song that moment . finally , i knew that song is popular music i used to sing . so , laughed myself . it was brilliant and great performance i ever heared before . i bought dvd , too . and i recommended my friend and he also felt their singing like me . he said great and thanks to me
music neg this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king
music pos this cd has all of the cuts that you remember from back in the day...you will love it...it is always in my car
music pos this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing
camera pos this lens is outstanding . speed and sharpness are top-notch . i use this lens for a wide array of situations and it has always delivered impressive results . best lens in it 's class at a reasonable price . it 's well built , sturdy , and not so heavy so it 's relatively easy to carry around . canon really impressed me with this lens . i use it with my eos system ( traditional and digital cameras ) .
music neg this cd was a big seller upon it 's release in 1992 , boasting a plethora of big hits , along with some new songs . looking back through 2005 eyelids , it 's hard to hear why these songs were so huge....the cd starts off well , with hits from the primitive love album , but as one keeps listening , he realizes that none of these songs have passion or depth , a few catchy melodies and pleasant , if plain vocals . the dance numbers at least keep you awake , but the years 1988-92 found estefan leaning on ballads , and one was barely distinguishable from another ; on top of that , the 4 new cuts feel like padding , to fill a cd 's worth of material for a christmastime release...a couple of hits are missing , too ( i.e. , bad boys ) , so to summarize , nothing truly bad here , but precious little on target.. .
camera pos the casio exilim ex-s770rd is a great camera for the price . camera is the smallest on the market and will fit in any pocket . lcd sreen is large and very clear . 7.2 mp produces great picture quality and the functions are easily accessed . as this is my first casio purchase , i am very pleased with the quality
camera pos camera arrived earlier than i expected , and was just what i wanted . very small , but versitle . large screen . very satified with my purchase
music neg i 'm an avid tony yayo fan , but this album just did n't cut it . maybe its just trying to commercialize in the rap game and having pressure . i do n't know . but i listened to most of his mixtapes and this album sounds nothing like them . hopefully his next album will be way better . a few songs are good to listen to . i would think , coming out of prison you would have a lot to talk about , but " so seductive " being your first single ? ? come on . i am not a hater but just listen to the album and then listen to the gunit mixtapes and you will see what i mean . rating c
music pos i ca n't say with the words must listen !
music neg see bonnie raitt be slowly overtaken by the blahs , actually one is temped to think the album will be cool when listening to ` the fundametal things ' , but no
music neg to those of you interested in this cd in lieu of finding the " songs with lyrics " in the movie ice age , got bad news for you . they are not here ! i really do hate it when a soundtrack is put out for a movie and they do n't include the best or features songs in the movie . anyway , the song that pretty much everyone wants when manny , sid , diego and the baby are together and walking towards half peak is called " send me on my way " by rusted root . it is on their latest album " when i woke " . put rusted root in the amazon search engine and you should find it . hope this helps those looking for this song
music pos excellent songwriting , guitar playing and overdubbing . another live album following his first with previously recorded songs not on frampton comes alive would have been just as successful as comes alive . days dawning , crying clown , fanfare are a few such songs . a few songs from wind of change , something 's happening , and even a couple from his early days with the herd would have contributed to a second successful live album rather than the i 'm in you album which was a terrible disappointment
camera pos i love this camera the first day i received it i took 3 rolls of film . it has been the best purchase i bought this year . i got a real good price on it and i received it fast !
camera neg bag is ok but you must be careful if your moving around a lot . with extra batteries in the top zip compartment it is really top heavy and tips upside down while on your shoulder if the camera is out of it . the velcro does not hold it closed well either . my memory card fell out of the bag during one of these episodes , thank goodness my husband noticed
music pos this album has new meaning to me now in 2007 , where i go to a college next to a high school , where i see a bunch of " punk rockers " spending lots of money to make sure their hair is pretty and that their clothes are properly tattered to maximize trendiness . there are plenty of punk rock bands out there that keep the spirit of social distortion alive , but sometimes their music is hard to find , and all the posers you see start to slowly extinguish that old punk rock fire . albums like this exist for times like those . just stick it in , turn up the volume , and rock out
music neg in general i 'm a big fan of movie music , but to tell the truth i expected more from this one . this soundtrack is incomaparable to say lord of the rings or star wars movie music . it lacks depth and emotion and power . unlike emotionally potent melodies present in lotr soundtrack the eragon is pretty dull and uninteresting . i get the impression that the entire album is in fact a variation of a single theme called eragon . i get the feeling that entire album has only one very long and boring track . i hope they 'll make better album for the next movie of the inheritence trilogy .
camera pos this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera .
camera neg you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality
music neg i 've owned this cd , but did n't keep it for very long because it 's too poppy and slick for my tastes . i guess when about 1981 came around billy just wanted to distance himself from the brilliance of his 70 's style , and on this offering , he kind of wanted a 50 's or 60 's kind of sound . this stuff is just to slick for this hombre . he never made a solid album , after the release of glass houses , in about 1980. this is the kind of stuff that yuppies rave about , but if you 've got some integrity , you 'll probably want to steer clear of this one , and buy anything he recorded in the 70 's
camera pos has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones
music pos the soundtrack is great but some of the good songs from the movie arent on it . overall it is a good produc
camera neg loved the concept of this camera...small , 10x zoom and sleek looking , but the first one lasted 3 days , had it replaced and the second one lasted 1 week . both stopped operating completely . so given that kind of problem i do not recommend this camera
camera neg i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
music neg i love south music like three 6 , lil jon , master p , but this is a disgrace to every rapper alive and dead . man jd is just signing anyone these dayz to make money cuz he ca n't get no one wit talent . every song on here sounds like it was hurried up . fu*k so so de and fu*k dem franchize boyz they make me sick .
camera neg as the previous reviewer pointed out , this is not the klic-5001 1700 mah battery as described in the product details , it is the lower capacity ( 1050 mah ) klic-5000. at least it is the kodak battery , if that matters to you . ( i have a new kodak camera and want to protect the warranty . ) if not , plenty of places sell the generic klic-5001 for less than amazon sells the kodak klic-5000
camera pos i really enjoy this camera ; mine has the carl zeiss vario-tessar lens . it works grewat - be sure to use the memory stick pro media . a great reasonable priced camera
music neg i am a cellist of 15 years on the breakthrough of becoming a renowed cellist . this cellist tone is so powerfull and clear.she tells a story this is so clear to understand because the music speaks . alisa should watch the slurs from the f to b and be more gracefull . the apres un reve was ok i guess . she really should of tooken more time . like floating on a dream cloud . when i play this piece i take the music from the begining as a fuzzy dream and play the pitch so the music tells a story and becomes more clear every measure . the elgar is somenthing she might not want to touch because no one plays it better than du pre
music pos my 8-month-old son and i listen to this cd every night , and by the pachelbel canon ( track 7 ) he 's usually sound asleep . it is not all synthesizer . the jacket clearly states that the " music box orchestra " includes flute , piano , cello , percussion , english horn , and oboe . as a musician , i am not offended by the " easy-listening " versions of these classics . in fact , i enjoy them . they introduce my son to the timeless melodies without overstimulating him at bedtime . i find them relaxing too
music neg this album contains only rap and no rock songs . this was very disappointing to say the least
music neg never shipped . i ordered this before christmas . they said it was in stock . where is it
music neg all the cds this band has made suck . not even the first one so never buy something this idiots have made . blink-182 , sugarcult or sum 41 are good punk-pop
camera pos i deal in major brand cameras and panasonic cameras are my personal favorite ! i 've seen people whine about the " noise " they make many times but have never found it to be a problem . i own the fz10 and the fx01 for my personal cameras . the fx01 is a very fast camera and takes great pics ! i love the 28mm wide lens . compared to most cameras i 've used the fx01 does a real good job of metering the light and exposing the images . i love panasonic 's solid build and reliability . they may not be as popular as canon or sony but in my opinion are every bit as good .
music neg this cd while full of nice music , is to me rather pointless . it 's listed as a sound track but all it has is background music instrumentals . does anyone know the titles of the actual songs used in the movie ? aside from crazy train
camera neg return ? ha ha ! ! ! you must email them for permission . they do n't provide the email address . i have spent untold hours trying to get them to respond . they will do everything to avoid returns . and amazon just looks the other way . do n't do it !
camera pos i purchased this for my canons500. i have it for over a year now and it is still as good as new . good quality construction and a great look & feel
music neg maan , ima venda spenda of dis shizzi hur but fur shur , iz hord cor poor . i meanz what i be sayin is i be buyin all the hip s*** but when i play dis on ma player my mind be hurtin , in da bad way . so fow sho , to all da playaz out thay stay clean of this bad crack , itll hurt yow mind and yow poket . fur shur dis is da flippa , keep it clean boyz ( yea , you punks now what i be sayin
camera neg keep in mind that you ca n't use this product unless you buy an external flash . the built-in flash results in harsh shadows on the left edge of the photos . canon 's response thank you for your inquiry regarding the powershot g6. we are sorry to hear of any issues with the conversion lens . when using the built-in flash , a portion of the image may be blocked by the converters and appear dark . please refer to page 186 of the camera manual for detailed information . when the converters are used , it is recommended to not use the built-in flash . thank you for choosing canon
camera neg bought this case along with a digital rebel xti , my first slr . instead of the 18-55mm kit lens i opted for the sigma 17-70mm lens . sad to say , but the case fits only with the kit lens. . the rebel xti with the 17-70mm lens barely fits . so a word of cuation to everyone , if you 're planning on anything other than the kit lens , then do n't get this
camera pos this product fits my camera perfectly and is not at all bulky . a great safeguard from falls and the velcro latch provides just enough security .
camera neg hi , i have had the vdr-d300 for about 6 months now . i have never gotten a recording session to last more than about 20 min . the camcorder constantly locks up , usually after about 10 min . this is on a full battery - the unit never gets even to a battery alarm . several times the reset button nor the reset proceedure per the manual works . i must have a faulty unit . i 'm investigating repair . the unit has a great lens , camera , and video image , but my unit is not stable at all
music pos i like the main voice ( s ) and i like the music , but the voices are over powered by the music . if they turned up the voices a bit i think this would be a great album . this album does not sound like other albums i have so i 'm not sure what to compare it to .
music neg i may not be an expert on steel drums , but i do listen to jimmy buffett a lot ! he has a great steel drum drummer . after listening to this cd , i gave it away in a white elephant gift exchange this past xmas
music neg when i think of the sex pistols , i think the monkeys did it better as a boy band . let 's face it , dears , that is all the sex pistols were : a marketing ploy . they are f- -- --g nsync for another generation
camera neg when it was new out of the box it worked for baseball about 50% of the time if i was within a few feet of the pitcher or catcher . it seemed to become less effective each time i used it to the point that now i 'm lucky to get a reading 10% of the time . it still works for clocking cars but for baseball it is almost useless .
camera pos multi-element add-on lense used with kodak dx-7590 provides good wide-angle capability . note that this is a very large add-on lense ( screws into dx-7590 extension-piece which costs an additional $20 ) . does the job well in most portraiture and scenic applications , however two caveats : ( 1 ) slight curvature of field in extreme corners of wide-angle shots ( ie , corners of shots may be noticeably out of focus ) . suggest cropping to 95% of original picture to maintain sharpness across plane . ( 2 ) size of lense will render pop-up flash and outside the lense focusing system ( ultra-sonic ) less functional .
music pos since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect
music neg after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing
music pos i am a lover of " greatest hits " compact discs but this one by far is the best one i have purchased recently . this compact disc has almost all of the best tunes that joe walsh made and i highly recommend it to anyone who loves to rock !
music pos i had tears in my eyes when i first heard this album . i get emotional over music i really like , and this album got to me.so many great standards so well delivered by the duo . they deliberately chose slower ballads for this album so do n't look for uptempo , snappy songs in this one.not that harry warren could not write faster stuff like jeepers creepers , shuffling off to buffalo etc. this album is to sing along with softly or hum.i kept thinking of bogart in the rain in casablanca and other lovers in w.wii.i know the main tune in that movie was not by harry warren ; it simply reminded me of great love tunes from that era by julie styne[time after time] and the grossly underrated harry warren.grab someone you love , some good wine and savor one of the great popular composers and a great duo.they should do more harry warren albums , michael and george.i thank them profusely
camera neg the night owl optics monocular had a major flaw as soon as i started using it . the system uses high voltage derived from 2-aa bateries . occationally the unit would create a large snap ( arcing noise ) and emit a bright flash of light from the eyepiece . if one is using the instrument , the light actually hurts the eye . i have returned the monocular to night owl for repairs . i do not know the result of the repairs as it is still in transit . they told me to ship it at my expense . another strange requirement of the instrument is that the batteries are recommended to be removed if not used for 24 hours . other than the above , the monocular has performed well . epilogue-night owl optics did repair the unit and returned it .
music neg buyer beware . these new journey releases are reissues of their 1996 remastered releases . they are not remastered in 2006. rhino should be ashamed of itself for this ( it 's been 10 years - i would have gladly paid for a remastered version , but not for new packaging )
music pos engelbert humperdinck ` s name has remained for almost five decades in the great musical stages . in spain there is a term that fits so well to describe his magnetism : duende . he shone with radiant intensity in the age of the great crooners , the most difficult , indeed : frankie , tony bennet , andy williams , dean martin , matt monroe , bobby vinton , booby goldsboro , glenn campbell , o.c. smith , otis reading , pat boone , kenny rogers , paul anka and neil diamond ( from time to time ) among the most remarkable ones . his peculiar style has deserved him the best acknowledgments all over the world . his multifacetic repertoire and elegant voice confers him presence and conviction every time he appears on stage . his name is now a legend . go for this admirable collection , you will enjoy it over and over
music neg with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial / techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience
music pos i saw the outlaws live twice in the early eighties and had a great time at both shows . this album is just plain fun to listen to and brings back some very fond memories
camera neg sd110 not a good digital camera . better yet find something else . i 've had this camera almost a year but i just seldom use it because the result of the pictures are very disappointing . it is just fine downloading them on the internet but when you have it printed on the paper , the pictures get blurred . now , im looking for another digicam that wo n't disappoint me
music neg ..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through .
camera neg i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective
music neg i ca n't believe the other people giving this high marks . i love the wheel , but darn if this is n't just terrible . there is n't even a single on it ; i ca n't believe the studio released it . thank god i got a promotional copy and did n't have to go buy it in the store . the catherine wheel needs to get back together- -quick
camera pos i have enjoyed using my camera . i have been able to get some great pictures . the stabilization feature work well
music neg this is not the music from the movie . this purchase was a major dissapointment . you would do beter searching for the music credits for titles , then download the tracks form your music subscriber
music pos quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz .
camera pos this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras
music neg golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank .
music neg as a 21 year old , i felt a little out of place buying this soundtrack . but , i was so excited that i had finally found a soundtrack to these two wonderful movies . imagine my disappointment when i could aurally pick out that rosemary clooney 's parts were not sung by rosemary clooney ! i do not recommend buying this album . enjoy the music when you watch the movies , instead . trust me , it 's better that way
music neg this disc was simply a waste of my time...very mediocre songs , heavy emphasis on sex instead of talent...corey 's voice is below average....i get the feeling that corey clark is imitating a good singer with a viable career , and not doing it very well....clearly ' fake it till you make it ' is n't working here . the songs all sound the same , i kept waiting for something to get me grooving , but it just did n't happen . i think his ego is much larger than his actual musical potential...he either needs voice lessons , a little humility , and some professional grooming ( and i do n't mean clothing ) .
music pos nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u
camera neg they tell you tha this product holds 6aa batteries , and works with the 20d 's battery grip , but when i received the item it is for a completely different product and does not work with the 20d 's bg-e2 grip . it has the product name of cpm-e3 , just as stated...but it accepts 8 aaa batteries and does n't even come close to working with the bg-e2.
music neg i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. .
music neg i saw this movie ' cause i was interested to see cathy rigby , " who was born to play peter pan " . i hated it a lot . so , now i am in a high school production of peter pan , and i happend to see the mary martin version , and the mary martain cd . i loved it ! then i realized that ' peter pan ' is not a bad musical at all . cathy rigby and the " crew " were making it bad . i have no idea why they think cathy rigby is the greatest thing since sliced bread . do n't believe them . she isn't . she sounded like she was a stuiped little brat that just wanted to rot the rest of his [her] time just sitting in a dark corner carving forks while on the other hand , mary martain sounds all cheerful , fun , and real . i reccomend mary martain 's video and cd . i say no more
music neg i have been a ronstadt fan since the early 70 's , and although the nelson riddle stage and the mexican stage were not my style , i still loved her vocal perfection . this is truly the only album i have n't played more than twice ( i did n't like it the first time , which surprised me , so i tried it again ) . it does n't showcase her voice or her talents . the songs are very ho hum . linda , put out a christmas album ( been waiting for years ) , and try to get sweetness back for this old fan
camera pos it 's great . nice top storage for memory cards and extra battery . compact . perfect for camera size .
camera neg the adorama silica gel came without any instructions on how to use and reuse it . i emailed customer service at adorama to ask how to use it and how to recharge it once it has absorbed enough moisture but they did not respond . i ca n't tell when it needs recharging and when it is ready . what color should it be and what color should indicate recharging . how to i recharge it ? nothing tells me how to recharge it . so far , money wasted . unresponsive to my emails
music pos my roomate from two years ago had a cd of doris ; and i must admit , at first , i was a little skeptical . but soon i became stunned by her vocal prowess and the emotional heart juice that she brought to these classic songs . plus , you should see her in a football uniform ! man can she catch the pigskin
music pos toad the wet sprocket have to be one of the most underated bands of the ninties . they wrote some brilliant material and a lot of the songs on this album are very enjoyable . but , there are some strange ones that are do not appeal to my taste . my fave song is ' is it for me' . it is hard to classify them though . it sort of deep and meaningful ( at most times ) pop rock . other good tracks include walk on the ocean , pray your gods and i will not take...etc . i regard this album and ' dulcinea ' as their two best albums
camera neg if you purchase this wide angle lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos . it does work well for video . the sanyo xacti hd1a camera itself is a disappointment
music neg after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing
camera neg received as a christmas present , dead by february 24. well , actually , that 's two months . now all it does is flash an error message , and nothing i do gets it out of that mode . i liked it before it died on me
camera neg i bought this camera after using a sony minidv ( very small one ) camera over 8 years . the image quality of sanyo is horrible compared to my old sony under any condition : daylight , night etc. however price , size and easy operation makes this camera a winner as you can have it with you all the time . so if you want to use this camera as a second camera for everyday use go for it , but this is not a serious replacement to a high-end camcorder .
music pos there are plenty of reasons to get this dead album . one is the fact that this is probably the best recorded psychedelic cd of all time . it was the first rock album recorded on a 16 track . in fact it was rerecorded to take advantage of the technology . the remaster is splendid . another good reason is the great bonus tracks . almost 80 minutes of dead for less than the price of driving your suv to the record store . can you dig it
music pos tame 's music is all about the beat . it 's what got me right from the start , a grinding , repetitious backbone to every song . tame one rides every beat on these tracks without faltering and shows some true style in his delivery . tame gets rid of the verse-hook standarda , periodically ad-libing and allows the music to play when he feels like pausing . its an amazing album well worth purchasing .
music pos what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far !
music pos as a pretty big comedy fan thanks to xm radio , i have listened to a lot of comics and i own a lot of comic cd 's ( mitch hedberg , bill hicks , emo philips , lewis black , steven wright , pablo francisco etc. ) and my absolute favorite is unprotected . there is not a slow part on this cd and it never fails to bring everyone to tears on a long car ride . his quick and merciless wit is better than any other comic in the us . his family must be very understanding since he does n't hesitate to include every detail of their personal lives in his act , but it all serves to create a punchline that we can all relate to . the highlights of this cd are his daughter 's boyfriend and guidelines for resuming sex after a heart attack . i highly highly reccomend this
camera pos this is a good padded case for your camera . but the back pocket shown in the picture with a phone stick out , was not deep enough for my phone with antenna attached . it measure 4 " x 3.5 " . but other than that i enjoy using this bag
music neg while the sound of the stream is relaxing and well recorded , there are way too many birds around . the cd describes their sound as distant and faint , but that 's far from accurate . the parts of the cd where all you hear is the stream alone do n't add up to more than 10 minutes , and never last more than a minute . for the most part you will hear the stream and plenty of birds , rather close and sometimes very loud . buyer beware : the 30 second samples you get here are precisely from the parts with no birds at all ! very misleading
camera pos i canceled this order because shipment was n't going to arrive in time for christmas
music neg unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album " symphony or damn " and the superb follow up " vibrator " . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album
music pos you definetely gotta own this . after an 11 years break from the music scene , seger 's back full-force . already 400.000 copies sold . more info on bob at [...
camera pos i am a female bowhunter who really had trouble judjing distances on green fields . this is a great product . it is easy to use and very accurate
music neg i was never much of a chili peppers fan over the years , but i thought i 'd give them a chance and listen to this disc.and just as i always thought , it 's crap . very few bands have been able to pull off the repulsive people / repulsive music combo as thoroughly as these guys have . i feel like i need a bath after just looking at their picture . as far as the " music " is concerned , the singing is awful ( deadpan monotone voice ) , the instrumentation is very limited , and the overall production is 2nd rate . the only plus , if any , is that the band manages to show some progression on the newer material , which is still not very good . the fact that this band has been successful over the years just proves that a lot of people have really bad taste .
music pos although the real roots lie with the black artists who inspired these guys , the pbbb is where the hippy generation , ( this is a couple years pre-san francisco , and before the stones and beatles began stretching their arrangements out on record ) , learned to just play . their next record was more representative of what they were actually doing live at time time , and is the single greatest influence on what became the san francisco sound of the late 60 's and early 70 's , ( really long and experimental jamming ) , so this is in fact the " roots of the roots of the roots " of todays jam bands and guitar-heavy blues bands , mixed-race bands , and , for all practical purposes , the white-blues-man in todays ' world
camera neg poor and slow focus and flash . thought nikon had a good name.......wrong if you like this camera it must be you first digital
camera neg the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
camera neg i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon .
music pos this cd is the funniest cd i own . the first half of the cd is pure comedy and super funny . the second half is a little hard to understand , and it louds like is was recorded poorly , that is why i gave it four stars . track 2 is worth the money spent on the cd because that track is 8 mins of pure comedy . eddie makes fun of stevie wonder and boxer larry holmes , and he does it well
camera neg hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on " customer service " , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the " help area " . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all
camera pos it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack
camera neg i was counting on a three hour working battery . after all , that 's what it says it gives you . so far all i get from it , after more than a month of use , is two hour , max. .
camera pos i went from taking the camera out of its packing to taking professional quality pictures in twenty minutes . it 's amazing
music neg you 'll find better works out there , particularly if you 're a miles fan . the emphasis here is on milt jackson and his vibraphone , which gives the album a light , airy feeling . missing is much of miles ' horn and sentiment . you also get a bit shortchanged with a mere 30 minutes of music . i would call this a " pleasant " album , which in my jazz-world is not a happy thing
camera neg i bought this camera in about february 2005 but did n't know enought about digital to know what i can actually get . goes through batteries pretty fast . the recharge time between pictures sometimes causes me to miss another good shot . takes way too much time between pressing shutter button and taking the picture . i just thought this was normal for digital cameras till i began reading later reviews . then i accidentally dropped the camera onto a soft surface ( loose dirt and sawdust ) and now the lens is stuck most of the way out and will not retract and camera will not come on . contacted hp to get it fix but will cost close to $100 and they will just send a reconditioned one . so i am in the market for another digital camera-maybe a canon or sony or something besides an hp
music pos wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a
music pos joan . you do n't love me . because i 'm a guy . but i have loved you since 1976. ok so i 'm an old man ( age 43 ) . so what . she 's just the best rock and roll female on the planet . i like the young ones like sahara hotnights and the donnas as well but they just do n't measure up to joan born to be bad jett . this album - like most of her other albums - consists of a mix of old and new songs . does n't mattar . i love it . and the video.. . well it confirms what we have always known . not that it matters . the music matters
music pos hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this
music pos this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down
camera neg i purchased the camera in mid june 2006. after 1 month / 1 hr of recording the screen went black when in recording mode . it took the shop about 7 week to fix the problem . i used the camera to record another 20 minutes and now it does not want to focus to infinite . the recording now flickers a lot and a dot appears floating around the screen . this camera has been in the shop more time than in my hands . the store were i bought it said that it would give me a new camera if this happends for the thrid time . the only problem is that if this is a design problem , what do i get by getting a new camera ? just avoid buying this camera until they fix the problem
music pos i wonder if the two reviewers who said they were disappointed in this soundtrack watched the film ? my guess is that they did not . the film was enhanced by the james horner score and it would have been hurt by anything that was not light and subtle . it is a unique and amazing film and the score is a perfect match . by the way , the bigwigs at universal nearly died when they heard it and then were equally stunned when they asked horner for the written score and he had to admit that none existed ! wonderful music
camera neg this is a wonderful item if or when it works . it prints the pictures beautifully if it works . the trouble is that after using it for a little while ( and i mean a little while ) it will quit feeding the paper in and the lights start blinking saying that you are out of paper and that you are out of ink . i have messed with it and messed with it , for some of you who have the same problems sometimes cleaning the feeder roller with rubbing alcohol will get it to work but this does n't work all the time . right now my printer wo n't work and i cleaned the roller and it is very aggravating as the paper and ink are n't cheap . i think it is cheaper going down to walmart and using their instant photo machine . this is not worth the money or the aggravation ! ! ! !
camera neg i have two 8 " picture frames that are other brands , and they are great and i use them for open houses all the time ! i got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible ! ! the instructions are difficult to understand . the wide screen makes everyone in the picture look fat and distorted ! this is a weird size and i am not happy at all ! ! i do n't recommend it
music pos la pelicula es mas o menos , pero la banda sonora es buena , en especial la cancion #1 crush de garbage , es una excelente cancion.. .
music neg beautiful voice , but so much anger in the lyrics ruins the cd . i was offended just reading every name on this cd...it is really a shame , what pretty " vulgar " voice . if this cd sells millions will you be proud of the message of hate you just pushed into millions of ears . you should be ashamed of yourself as an artist , as you have such power , but it is spent on prepetuating hate . nina simone was a angry artist also , but not once did she offend me ( caucasian male ) with her lyrics and all of her hate for racism in america . the first song i ever heard of hers " mississippi goddam " made me cry , so emotionally charged and commanding of a voice . there will always be a " racist america " because people are selfish , but be responsible as a descent human being and as an artist . i liked the cd until i heard the lyrics , one less sale adds up after awhile
camera pos i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly .
camera pos this case is great for the quick day outings . it is rugged and keeps the camera safe . my wife can throw it in her purse and i do n't have to worry about it getting banged up and she does n't have to worry about it being too bulky . everyone should have two batteries with any of the canon cameras since their battery meter only shows up minutes before it goes dead .
music neg the problem with america was that started out great . the first album was fresh and different from everything . three young boys and accoustic quitars was a song all it own . " horse with no name " and " sandman " , was what pave the way for them . the problem was that each album after that they got farther away from their roots and into the middle of mainstream pop . they should of left " muskrat love . " to the captain and tennille . this album does a fine job of showing their career from beginning to end . the problem was that there was their first two albums , ( america and venture highway ) and there was their others . my recommandation would be to pick up the first 2 and leave this for the die hard fans
music pos forza eros ! may you live to make much more great music ! whether you understand italian or not , i heartily recommend this cd . in ogni senso lives up to its billing - it delights each and every one of the human senses , in all " sense " of the expression . this is a must-have for any true music lover
music pos this is one of my personal favorites . i bought this cd when my daughter was 1 month old . we would listen to it during those " late night " feedings to create a peaceful environment . i 'm pretty sure it was a benefit for her . it was definitely a benefit for me
music pos maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's .
camera neg the idea is wonderful but the window is too small to be useful . i have it , have pictures on it , but never show it to anyone . trying to find the right light to illuminate a tiny picture was ridiculous . easier to show a few pictures in my wallet
music pos it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones
camera pos the camera is good . had it 1 week now . low light it works and produces fair results . bright light is much better . small and light weight . you must use the supplied docking station to transfer as ther is no usb port on camera . there is the dc in and tv out on camera ( as well as the docking station...just no usb...why ? ) 30gb hard drive is plenty...maybe too much . if you fill this up you are looking at 8 dvd 's and hours of transfer . the software is weak and conflicts with roxio 7.5. roxio became unusable . roxio stinks anyway . found a simple program to burn after this...ashampoo . plan on getting adobe premier elements , too . amazon had the best deal...89 less 30 mail in rebate from adobe . much better then the software in box . my first cam as we now have a cute baby . easy to keep it rolling and have gigs to save .
camera pos very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use
music neg forget the fact that despite the grumbling about today 's " music " too many people just swallow and digest the slop record companies throw at them , " hollaback girl " is the absolute dumbest " song " i 've ever had the displeasure to hear . there are two main parts to this travesty : 1. where she says " that 's my sh** " no less than a million times , and 2. she demonstrates that she 's hooked on phonics by being kind enough to spell bananas for the rest of us . if this is supposed to be rap , stefani failed miserably . if it 's supposed to be dance , again , she failed miserably . to be honest , i do n't know what the hell this is supposed to be because it sure is n't music . the fact that it was number one for so long proves that perhaps people do n't have any requirements for their ears . - donna di giacom
camera pos at 10mp , this camera takes some of the clearest and visually stunning pictures i have ever taken with a digital camera . the clarity and detail alone are reason to get this camera . the display , although pooh-poohed by others as too small , is quite large to me . the cameras small , lithe design is another selling point . nothing bulky about this camera . you can put it in your front pants-pocket if you needed to . do yourself a favor and get this camera . you wo n't regret it .
camera pos i was very happy with the product . it serves me well . fast delivery , good service by the vender . i got the project done and it will serve me well on into the future . great travel storage case , heavy plastic unit . good quality light stands
camera neg i 've never ordered anything and been this disappointed . i ordered two of these and both did n't work . i contacted the company 's tech support and they told me to send it back and they will replace it . i tried contacting ritz camera where i purchased the item and they refused to give me a refund . i am now stuck dealing with this company that has horrible customer support . i will never buy another product from this company again .
camera pos this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm
camera pos this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right .
music pos a friend of mine gave me this cd about a year ago , i listened to a few minutes of it and was like " what is this crap ? " and i shelved it for a couple months . i then picked it back up and gave it another listen . to my surprise it was really catchy to me . the music ( and lyrics ) are simple , but thats what i like about them . theyre simple ! this is a great college-rock cd . i plan on checking out more teenage fanclub , and i suggest you do the same . notable tracks are sidewinder , what you do to me , and is this music ?
camera neg this backpack was very uncomfortable . the inserts are stiff . it does n't represent canon quality ( i hope )
music neg she does n't sing.. . she yells ! ! ! and using one of ednita 's songs as she did with " lo que son las cosas " is just sacrilege at its " best " ( or worst ) . it 's really easy to hit it big with your first single when the song is already a classic by itself . she has absolutely nothing on beyonce or cristina aguilera . her cd is just plain bad ! if you want to hear good music by latin women with beautiful powerful voices ( and that actually sing ) , you might want to look for la lupe , celia cruz , ednita nazario and lucecita benitez.. . and these are only the ones i remembered at the moment
music neg as if metalcore wasnt a chainsaw to your head enough , its absolutely ridiculous when metalcore bands mix emo with there already inoriginal sound . this band sounds like a even more flaccid killswitch engage , a hawthorne heights / silverstein with downtuned guitars . as if it wasnt an abomination already , they even sing about vampires . yes , thats right , vampires . and you couldnt get any g*yer .
music neg as you might think , i am not a die hard fan of jmj , i think that when only die hard fans rates an album , it makes you think that with such a high rating , everybody should love this album and this is not the thruth . not everybody like this king of musical experimentation , some do but some don't ...i like oxygene and equinoxe , and even after all those years , they are still good to listen too . rendez vous offers some really good moments , but we are far from the perfection as oxygene or equinoxe . rendez-vous is easier to get use to that zoolook is , but we are far from a near perfect album . that 's all
camera pos this accessory is very useful when taking group pictures with the photographer included
music neg in answer to a music fan from temple hills , the song was called king holiday by the king dream chorus & holiday crew . it came out on mercury in 1986 and featured the singers and rappers you mentioned . it made no.30 on the r&amp ; b charts but did n't crossover pop . the lyrics are on the net ( try google ) but i do n't know if the song still is
camera neg i bought this camera like 7 months ago since it was so small and i liked the design....but the pictures it takes suck , specially in the night time or with flash , you can barely see what you are photographing . the video feature its ok even though you cant change the zoom while making the video , but the design doesnt suit well this feature since the audio-in is in the exact same place where you are suppossed to hold the camera...so most of my videos dont have audio since i was blocking the audio entrace.. . its small and portable , and i could fit it in any pocket , so thats good , but its so small that the battery lasts only aorund 90 min...that 's what it says , but it keep going down like 5times faster than a regular min , so it only does last like 30 min
music pos hayley westenra , at only 18 years old , is an enchanting voice we should be hearing from for many years to come . this is an uplifting and at times , spiritual album that shows shades of greatness . throughout , westenra 's voice is captivating , though the musical scores are at times , sub-par and do not equal the vocal talent . there was an advertising tag on this cd that stated " the female josh grobin " , but i think a more accurate sentiment would be " a young sarah brightman " . odyssey is a fine mix of spiritual and operatic tunes , all of which match up well with westenra 's abilities . bocelli fans will also appreciate the duet , dell amore non si sa . they pair up for that one song , but the rest is all westenra . this is smooth , soothing and easy listening . if you like brightman , you will truly appreciate the voice of westenra .
camera pos you wo n't go wrong with a panasonic dv . i 've had a few models . i have several of this model for my business . they 're rock solid reliable , nice and small for portability , and the quality of the recording is very goo
music pos i have listened to this wonderful soundtrack and i think it is superb ! ! i now know that the alien movies rock ! the tone of the music fits the movie . i especially like " ripleys them " because it reflects on what has happened with ripley through-out the movie . the cloning , learing , remebering and also meeting her clones . i would also like to say that the movie was excellent aswell . the cast did a great job , acting their hearts out . jean-pierre jeunet should be proud of the music and his film.so if you are n't an alien fan , you sure as heck will be after you listen to the soundtracks ! ~ jenna
camera pos this filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses .
camera pos the battery is perfect and once in the camera , is indistinguishable from the original .
music neg am i the only ones who actually liked nelly 's first album , i thought it had charm , style , grandier to me and kind of scale and kind of importance , you thought it mean something , but this is just a lame gimmick from the start , i mean there are some moments and some good songs ( including the sexy and very funny music video hot in herre with cedric the entertainer ) , but the rest are just horrible , there is nothing else about this album that i can engage with nor cared about and who cares ? country grammer was funny and good , this one 's an utter disaster . one of the worst albums of the decade .
music neg do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced .
camera pos i 've had this camcorder for a week now and i think it works great .. except for the touch screen feature . that takes a little getting used to .. especially when accessing the special features ( such as fader effects ) while filming . the digital still quality is poor when recording directly to the memory stick .. but the same images taken as a still from prerecorded tape is much clearer . all in all it is a good product .. just takes some getting used to
camera neg ...but it stopped working after a year . the only thing the lens sees now is black , although the camera still turns on and i can look at pictures i took before the problem started . nonetheless , i loved this camera , and i think it was worth it , even though it only worked a year . now i 've learned my lesson and will buy a longer warranty or exchange for m new camera
music pos gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots
camera pos i bought this hood after reading elsewhere that it fits the 50mm f / 1.8 mark i ( the version with the metal mount and distance scale ) that i purchased recently . canon specs the discontinued es-65 hood for this lens . the great thing about this et-65iii is that it is longer , so it blocks more stray light without vignetting on full-frame or 1 / 6-frame slrs . the interior on this mark iii version is also flocked , providing a bit more light absorption . i 've used those collapsible rubber hoods before while in college , but this hood is definitely worth the investment : well built , fits backward on the lens for storage ( but too long while the lens is on the camera ) , and provides good protection for the front of the lens ( it 's quite deep ) . note that this will not fit the newer 50mm f / 1.8 mark ii version ( all plastic mount with no distance scale )
music pos so , incubus rocks no matter who you are or which of their albums is your favorite . plainly put , this album was not my favorite of theirs . it 's good . it 's really good . but if you 're expecting incubus good , you 'll be slightly disappointed
music pos if you are a fan of the winter 's solstice series , than you will enjoy this cd , especially if you like the earlier volumes with the more original pieces rather than mostly traditional christmas music .
camera pos this lens is fairly inexpensive and the reason for that is while it definitely lets you get really close and the image is definitely larger than without it , the fact is the fz7 and the fz30 macro settings are already so good that the image is perhaps 15% or so bigger than without it . if i can i 'll post a couple flower images to permit comparison with and without the lens . the camera i have is a fz7. because i want as large an image as possible of my focus i am very happy
music pos all i have to say is great album
camera pos an excellent purchase that lives up to the sony name . my main concern before buying it was that it would swivel enough that i could point my mini-camera straight down to take macro photos of documents . it does this easily , and the legs do n't get in the way . it 's small enough to chuck in my backpack and take it all the time in case i need it , and it has its own little sturdy fabric carrying bag so that it does n't get tangled up in anything else . overall , i would rate it as excellent
camera neg the worst thing for this is , you have to bring a bench of disc with you and replace disc every 20 min if you are capturing hd video . i think most of buyers would take hd video if you buy a hd camcorder . but a small disc can only hold 20 min hd video , have to change disc time by time . the cmos sensor is worse than ccd but it is the best sensor among cmos in this price today . a lot of noise will come in low light condition ! i bought it for $800 and return it . i think you 'd better buy sr1 with a 30g hard drive . that would be a much better one !
camera pos this diffuser is the same quality as the one that comes with the nikon sb 800 flash . it is much better than other aftermarket diffusers that require velcro . this is made to fit the sb 600 perfectly . it snaps on and off easily . angled at 75 degrees it provides excellent fill . i use it on the sb 600 set up as a slave with the sb 800 for fill and back lighting . it should have been included by nikon as original equipment but is inexpensive and cost effective . much better than the built in plastic flat diffuser
music pos jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty
camera neg this battery is not compatible with the the jvc-grd270us video camera . i did get a purchase price refund , but i am out shipping costs both ways
camera pos i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value
camera neg i bought this bag looking at the display on amazon . but compare to price i paid this bag is not atall good . size is small , extra pockets are useless , where you cant keep much . camera pocket is also not convenient . only plus point is quality of material used .
music neg i listened to this cd and unless you are into the whole barking dog sound of a band i did n't like this one , one bit , but than again it was also for my husband . i definitely would not recommend unless you have heard of the band and like that style of music
camera pos this case fits the camera perfectly . you hardly notice it when it 's attached to your belt .
camera pos it was everything it was reported to be . it works very well . we take it on every trip we take
camera pos it is exactly the same thing as came with my camera - just what i neede
camera pos took some nice pictures underwater in cuba . pretty easy to use . worked fine at our depth ( ~8 meters , 24 feet ) . still waiting for the chance to use it at greater depths .
camera pos small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to
camera pos this is a good tool , does the job well , and serves the purpose , but is a little overpriced and canon keeps changing connectors , forcing us to buy new accessories which is a wrong practice against the consumer . i give a 4 star because of canon , not because of the product . if you are willing to pay for it , it 's a good product .
camera neg i am not satisfied by this product . the calrity is not good . also this is the most battery consuming device i have ever seen
music neg i love his voice , but the arrangements are way too complex and stilted . there are about 12 key changes in every song . the melodies are buried so far beneath his reinterpretations that one can barely recognize the songs . i feel these affectations detract from the songs . while his vocal gymnastics are very impressive , the result just is n't enjoyable to listen to ( unless you are a voice student or professional singer )
music pos ...and if you 're fortunate enough to find it , i recommend buying the version with the bonus dvd , which chronicles the making of yellow brick road . when i bought it , it cost the same as the 2 sacd set without the dvd , so it was still a great deal . my only complaint- -and it 's really minor- -is that it would have been nice if they could have fit the original album onto a single sacd . a second disc could have included the bonus tracks that are included in this package , plus any extra- -maybe even audio-only interviews- -still remaining in the vaults . no matter . the important thing , if you are able , is to make sure you have an sacd-compatible player ( like the pioneer dv-563a , or one of the really expensive players if you 've got the cash and love audiophile formats in both your hardware and your cds ) . even if you do n't , the stereo cd layer still sounds truly excellent
camera neg sd card worked fine for a week . problems arise then worsens over time for one more week then it just does n't work anymore . problem is not the pda , nor software on it . tried to use the card on a separate flash reader / writer . tried formatting it to fat32 , create test directory , data stays on for less than one hour . i would refrain from buying this product .
camera neg this item was offered as a suggested accessory to the nikon monarch atb 8x42 waterproof binoculars that i purchased . i later also purchased the 12x42 binoculars . this harness can not be attached to either pair of binoculars ! the hook part of the snap is too thick to go through the strap eyelet on the binoculars . other than that the harness is a well made quality product
camera pos with these weights i was able to send my canon powershot s70 to the bottom of the atlantic , and i have great faith that they will keep it there . reliable , and more professional than a brick
music pos nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more
camera neg the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo
camera neg at 300mm this lens is very soft , it 's hard to get a shot that looks like it 's in focus . to do so , you need to shoot at about f / 11 , and then since there is little light available , you usually have to bump the iso to 800 or 1600 just to get an acceptable shutter speed . of course , the high iso then introduces other artifacts . the focus is also dead slow and often does n't lock on . this is a lens that i have constantly fought with . do n't upgrade to the new 70-300 is either , as it 's only marginally better . buy the 70-200 f / 4l . it 's a far superior lens
camera pos i got this camera for my 17th birthday last summer , and it 's great . as much as i 'd love to have a canon powershot , it 's a bit out of my price range . all the people who think that using the lcd screen runs out the batteries after " 2-4 pictures " are lying to you . i bought rechargable batteries from radioshack , and i 've taken up to 400 picture without the batteries needing to be changed . this is a good camera with good quality in good lighting . in dark or overcast situations , it can look a bit grainy , but that 's easily photoshopped . i recommend that when uploading , plug it into the wall with a digital camera adapter , because uploading sucks all battery power right out . i recommend this for someone who has n't owned a digital camera before , or for someone that wants good quality at a not-so-crazy price
camera pos it 's a wonderful piece of equipment . love it . wish they made one for larger objects
camera pos i bought this camera for my sister , as an early christmas present , thinking i would need some time to set it up for her , well in less then 30 minutes i was ready , it 's a awesome camera , i was impressed , of the ease from set up to formatting the 512 sd card . i have sent the site to another sister whom is interested . it is the easiest camera to use and has features that will impress anyone , great photos from very close to far away . i would recommend this camera to anyone
music neg get 's one star in appreciation of the technicians who had to record the cd . what a mess ! never should have been made . even julie is way past the point of playing this onstage . she half talks her way through her songs , her voice clearly not what it was when she made the film . sorry julie , should have left it alone . the rest of the cast is not on a par with the film . tony roberts in place of robert preston...not on his best day . leslie ann warren was riotuosly original in the film , rachel york trying to copy her , is not . and michael nouri ? dismal . the songs added to the score for the stage.......forget it . not even worth mentioning any more . goes into the what were they thinking ? file . as for julie refusing her tony nomination because the rest of the show was overlooked ? c'mon julie , there was a reason for that , the show sucked !
camera pos for the price it is a very good value especially with the capability of bouncing the flash in several directions . using the internal flash either left dark or washed out images at times . this flash solves the problem . i 've dealt with adorama several times and it was a pleasant experience . items were sent quickly
camera pos the lenes work on the factory lens only with no feature to add additional lens . it works as advertized , i would have like to add the wide / tell lens to the filter for better out door videoing
music neg just be sure to read up on this closely.. . it 's not the orchestra you hear in the movie , and you may be especially disappointed when you hear the vocal tracts - gone are great talents enya and annie lennox , replaced by no-name voices . this is not bad music , but do n't think you 're a genius for capturing the music of the movies on one inexpensive 2-cd set
music pos when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music
music neg if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for .
camera pos i have been using this camera quite a bit and am completely happy . it has both point and shoot , and slr features . you can take quick shots or get started with amiture photography . the software was easy to use , easy to set up , and it works well on my mac . it has the quality the you would expect with the canon name .
camera pos purchased as a gift and well received . seems to handle larger chips in a timely manner . runs everyday , all day and no problems encountered . displays vacation pictures clearly . like that it is big enough to view across the room . frame is more compatible with decore than the 7 " model previously purchased
music pos i really like this cd a lot and i am looking forward to seeing them live
music pos bone thugs is always keepin it real . this album gots good production and of course them good lyrics . i love the beats on this album . the songs i got in my top 5 are straight bangers no doubt . this double album is a classic by bone thugs . you should cop this album . all tracks are 4-5 minutes long , each emcee spittin there verses , good stuff . definately check out this album now ! ! ! my top 5 songs 1.handle the vibe 2.look into my eyes 3.body rott 4.it 's all mo ' thug 5.ai n't nothin change
camera pos great product , great price , great company , quick delivery . we love the small size
camera pos excellent product for the price . pictures are not that good , but you ca n't ask more for this price
music neg i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back
camera pos not knowing fully what i was getting into , on a whim i purchased this monopod hoping that is was a half-way decent product , i mean-it was so cheap . i was pleasantly surprised to find how sturdy the unit was and that what i had was a very high quality monopod . this was my second monopod and so i had another to compare it with ( the other was bought on an auction website ) . in comparison the opteka was a far better monopod in height and robust thickness and i use it exclusively on my minidv shoots
camera neg i made sure i did my research and read all the reviews on various cameras before deciding to go with this one . i was highly disappointed when i got my camera home and put in the batteries , turned it on and immediately the lens got stuck in the " out " position with an error reading that said : lens error , restart camera . i tried to restart it a zillion times , only for it to say the same thing . i went on line and found that this is a problem with some canon cameras and now , instead of being excited about having this particular camera , i am completely disappointed . i 'm glad others have had such good luck with their cameras . please research the error because , in some cases , it did n't happen until a year later
camera neg i ordered two of the items above in error . i did not think the first order was submitted properly so therefore a second one was ordered and came from antonline . i have been trying since dec. 19 to return the wide angle lens and adapter to them . i am 71 years old and not computer savvy . i just wish i could get return labels and my account credited . they are still in the original packing as received and never been opened . thank you for being interested . i was informed by them that my time had expired . i do not believe this to be true , or does your opening web page not apply to them .
music neg i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with " really rockabilly " when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n't think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it 's the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first
music pos this album marked a return of sorts to the old trademark isley brothers sound , and it 's off the hook.jam and terry , steve huff , rafeal saddiq , kelly and angela winbush all took their turns puttin ' it down , and that 's exactly what they did.from the time move your body kicks in until the very end this album is absolutely slammin' .highlights in my opinion are you desreve better , just like this , warm summer night and move your body.but the absolute highlight and ( in my opinion ) one of the most slept on songs of all times is the title cut eternal.that is one of my top ten isley brothers favorites of all times.the song kind of reminds me of make me say it again , and earnie showed all the way out on the guitar solo on that song.contagious even had a bit of the isleys sound and probably introduced them to a whole new audience.as a whole , i am extremely fond of this album
music neg i read several different on-line reviews for this cd before i purchased it . each seemed to imply that this cd was a new direction for jaci , that her lyrics were bolder and the overall sound was much more independent in nature . strange . i must have purchsed the prozac copy of this cd because there is nothing new here from her . like my title line to this review states , it 's the exact same music she has always sang , just in a different package . now the cd just collects dust . what a shame
camera neg i bought this camera in oct 2005. i brought it everywhere . loved it . in april 2006 , the lcd screen blew . canon replaced it with a refurbished camera . in march 2007 , the exact same thing happened to the screen and now they will only repair for $97.00 , as they have determined this is the result of impact damage . how they determine this is unclear to me , as it was not dropped or impacted...apparently , you will spend 100.00 / yr maintaining this camera . that , to me , is the hallmark of a faulty product . unfortunate - as i really loved this camera
music pos pablo is definitely the babe ruth / moses of these pieces . however , tempo , cadence , clarity , consistency and emotional projection are much better here . starker is at least the michael jordan of the bach suites . -and compared to pablo ( i heard the naxos one ) the sound quality on this disc is the right hand of god . starker is the dog 's balls ; big ones , like a great dane .
camera neg instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite / rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking
camera pos this battery for my cannon camera is a great little " back up " battery . my camera came with a cannon battery and charging unit . the replacement cannon battery sells for over $40.00 so purchasing this cta battery at less than $10.00 is a very good choice .
music neg yo nu-mixx sux i hate when people make cd 's like this to make some money off of great artist like pac . this cd is disrespecting pac and nobody should get this if your a pac fan . they take great songs and make crappy beats . get this if you want to support pac haters or waste your money
camera pos not much to add to the other positive reviews posted , other than i am another user that loves my d50. have had it for a year now and shot over 10 , 000 photos with excellent results ( mostly landscape and wildlife ) . excellent image quality and the hand grip fits perfectly to both my hand and my husbands . the only con i can think of at this time is that there is no backlight on the top panel - this makes it difficult to adjust settings in low / no light situations . also , for people that are used to the little compact point & shoot cameras this might seem a little overwhelming at first and bulky to carry around ( which is why i have a little pocket camera for my purse ) . i also got the 18-200 lens and love it - perfect walk around lens
camera pos the beauty of this charger is that it is 110 / 220v compatable , so with the appropriate international connector you can charge your batteries on european voltage . i have used two of these with the plug adapters and have kept four sets of batteries charged overnight for two olympus cameras giving a day plus of batteries available for each . very few cheap us chargers offer this multi voltage compatability . lots cheaper than multiple voltage convertors . if you plan on traveling internationally , this charger is a must !
camera neg boy , this is way too much to pay for a hood on this lens . it 's a great a lens , but this is hardly worth the price
music pos if you like vocalese , then this cd is for you . the song selection and performances are excellent . in my opinion , it stands up with the best lambert , hendricks , and ross stuff . it is clear that a lot of love and effort went into the making of this record . buy and enjoy
camera pos i bought this filter for my 28-135 is canon lens and so far it has worked out great . unlike some of the other tiffen filters i bought , this one fits just right on the lens . all sides are even and it sits flush against the lens . i have n't noticed any artifacts from pictures i 've taken yet , but i have n't really had much of a chance to take many pictures with the lens . the night shots i 've take so far , i 've been quite pleased with , however
camera neg well of course i read the previous reviews regarding amazon shipping the grey-market version of this timer and figured that certainly by now they were shipping a us version.. . wrong ! i just received mine today and it 's got the international warranty card and users manual . i have n't decided if i 'm going to return it or not but figured that anyone else considering ordering this item should be advised that it appears that amazon is only shipping the grey-market version of this unit
camera pos these binoculars provide a good tool for night time sky viewing . easier to carry than a telescope with the advantage of using both eyes . the tripod mount can be used with most any tripod with a standard screw mount . the 15 power makes hand holding a challenge but with practice they work great .
music pos okay bryce nickelback yells not screams big difference and wtf sum 41 your kiding right sum 41 does not scream at all and you say " i like music " well you dont know any thing about music and another thing you poser is that limp bizkit is not metal they rap so how can you say that they scream all the time...limp bizkit is the worst band out their they give a bad name to music itself and as for you dont write anymore reviews until you know more about music wich with the information i just got from you that will take a long tim
camera pos i 'm still learning to use this camera and all the features . so far it is amazing . i 've been taking pictures of the kids and it looks like a pro did the shots . i use the auto mode a lot and it works great . the zoom is amazing . i love that it tells me when i am focused . also it has great battery life . i 'm very happy with this camera
camera neg i bought this for my 9 year old son to take movies and edit on the pc . it worked for about 2 days before there was no image from the lens to either the lcd or the viewfinder . i could see other information on the lcd , such as the date , time , menu , but no image from the screen . i called samsung and that is where it is now for repairs . a check of the web indicated that this problem is well documented . i did try to install the software that came with the camera , but that did not go to well either . i will retry when i get a working camera again .
music neg usually jerry 's scores for movies are priceless , ( i.e. the other score for " legend " ) but rudy is a little bit too unoriginal and the feelings meant to be expressed seem much too " forced " for my taste.it 's ok as a weird sort of comedy album , i suppose , but from the main theme i was laughing because it 's meant to be such a serious experience-but is n't ! i think that only the biggest goldsmith efficianado could find joy in this cd . ( .
camera pos this is my first camcorder , so i do n't have much to compare it to , but i 've enjoyed it so far . it 's easy to use . the picture quality seems high . the only minor problem i 've found is with the headphone input . had to try three different sets of headphones before i could find one that would fit into the narrow slot where the headphone jack is
camera neg i bought this for my husband for valentine 's day , so he could have photos of our new baby boy handy . unfortunately , the images appeared for one day , and then the unit stopped working . we had to send the unit back . i was very disappointed as there were many good ratings on the item .
music pos this is the best cd i have ever listened to ! i highly recommend i
camera pos i purchased this at a photographic store because a professional said you should n't go higher than 1.4x . just keep in mind- -1.4x is only " 40% better " . it worked really well , but did n't increase the zoomage enough . i decided to go with a 2x ( that 's twice the zoomage ) teleconverter by kenko instead . i gave this one to my brother-in-law for christmas . you have to think about what you want- -i want to get in really close to the birds . i have a 70-300mm zoom lens and 1.4x takes it to 98-420mm . it is an improvement , but not nearly enough ! if you want to get twice as close , this is n't going to do it for you . if you want to get half-again-as close , this almost gets you there . as far as quality , the quality is definitely there . five stars for quality , 3 for insufficient zoomage
camera pos i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed
camera neg i just got this printer dock with a camera , and the printer feature is a real pain ! the paper will almost never feed no matter what i 've tried . when it does feed , it ends up jamming . i only successfully printed one picture and tried 7 others and then the laminate was gone . i 'm very unhappy with it and will probably send it back
camera neg the charger unit or the batteries ( or both ) do n't work right : i use the batteries one at a time , in rotation to power my zen mp3 player . sometimes i put discharged batteries in the charger , plug it in , the light blinks red , then goes off . only supposed to show either red ( discharged , charging ) or green ( fully charged . ) this morning 3 batteries show fully charged , i take one out , it is discharged . all these problems happened with a first unit , i returned it to monster and after they took their sweet time , got a replacement which works just as erratically . monster 's stuff looks good , but it is the last time i am going to buy their brand
music pos this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music
camera pos this item worked , allowed me to use printer and docking station from another kodak camera . would do it agai
music neg first they started out as nu-metal , then they moved onto metalcore , and now psuedo-death metal . it should be no surprise to the fools who listen to this garbage that they are clearly following trends , and after each trend dies , they just move on to another one . if my calculations are correct , expect a psuedo-black metal release . but , what about the musicians ? sure , they have a fast drummer...who likes to trigger alot , then they have two guitarists...who like to steal pantera riffs , and then they have the singer , who , well , sounds just like all the rest . atleast they dont have the dj anymore ( oh wait , they do , nevermind . ) enough of my rambling , how does this untalented group of posers fair up ? well , image if mushroomhead went metalcore . ' nuff said . avoid
camera pos it is simple , handy and works well to prevent shaking your camera . but i am still doubt if this simple accessory really deserves 50 bucks.. . this wired release would be the choice only if you are not a digital rebel user who has a more reasonable price option for the additional shutter button .
camera neg i found it on sale - luckily because it did not work . cute as the dickens and came with a great strap and the art program was fun for the kids - but no go on the camera . never able to get it to power up - yes fresh batteries too . we were very disappointed :
music neg although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead
music pos both the italian version ( io canto ) and the spanish version ( yo canto ) are excellent , and amongst the best albums that i have heard this past year . the music is absolutely beautiful , fresh , and very well paced , and laura 's voice is soaring ! the quality of this album is exceptional....the production of the songs lends to laura 's very passionate approach to them . without understanding a word of either version , i cannot get enough of them ! listening to laura on this latest release of hers over and over again , each song continues to grow on me and i find myself completely absorbed in this album ! do yourself a favor and get this one....especially if you live in the united states . it will give you an opportunity to experience the power of what music can be if done right . you 'll find yourself relating to words you do n't even understand !
music neg flcl is the worst anime of all time , and possibly the worst thing to come out of japan since the pearl harbor attacks , and the soundtrack is just as bad , if not worse . its nothing more than j-pop mixed with bad japanese rock . bad guitar playing , boring drum beats , and inaudible bass ; you 've heard one pillows song , you 've heard them all . only " otakus " with no life love this s*** ( like matthew g . salisbury ) . if you want good japanese music , go for king 's evil . ps , that album cover is possibly the worst ever made
music pos together with ' the best of kool&amp ; the gang' ..... t h i s is the ultimate bit of funk that i 've found so far . the tracks may not always have a " song structure " ( and for me the women singers may be omitted. . ) - the funkiest bits in history are found here ! ! ! ! ! !
music neg yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep
camera pos when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly .
camera pos i love my new canon a710. large lcd makes taking pictures easy to frame , color and sharpness is good all around and needing only 2 aa batteries is great . i no longer need to search and buy special camera batteries , i can go into any drug store . only draw back on this camera is the size of the memory card 16mb . for a few bucks more put in at least a 1gig . overall rating for a camera in this price range - above average
music neg wen i bouht dis cd i thought is waz my holmes on it but it was jus sum dude wid a big azz hoodie and hat . when i put dis in my playa it was broken the rappers , main peter , voice sounded liek a blender . dah turntables sound like my moms bong a bubblin damn nigga was my favorite track but that was n't on dis cd . i wish i had da real copy and not da malufunked up one . peace out dawg keep it real and stay won wid dah underdawgzz
camera neg if you can actually get the picture to turn out right , it does take pretty decent pictures . most of the time the photo is either over-exposed or too dark and grainy . it also only holds about 5 pictures , so you will have to buy a memory card if you want to really use this alot . i was a little disapointed with it due to the fact that it cost 40 dollars , and it does n't really seem worth it
music neg this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album
music neg shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. .
music pos this has to be one of the most beautiful cds ever recorded . damien 's vocal range is vast ; his musicianship excellent ; but it 's the crafting of songs at which he truly surpasses most artists . haunting , sensitive , flowing , crashing.. . ( if i have one criticism , it 's the mixing levels - at times , his vocals are drowned . in concert , when he lets rip , you really feel the power of his vocals / music , which , unfortunately , does n't come over quite as well on the album . ) a truly magical album .
music pos in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of " at last " to the hard driving memphis soul of " tell mama " , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here
camera pos i got this camera for my birthday present in january and i 'm extremely satisfied . i 'm very new to the entire " photography world " , however this camera makes it easy to get into . the camera is smaller than i expected , however it takes great pictures . i use it often for pictures while we are on trips . the picture quality is great , however screen quality is n't up-to-par with other brands . this is a great value and i really like it . my only complaint is that the easyshare software is bad . it 's slow , outdated , and does n't work well overall . i recommend getting a 1 gb sd card . i have 3 of them
camera neg i bought this camera in february , and after taking 6 shots the camera almost died , i could review the photos i had taken , but when switched the dial to take photos the camera turned out black either the lcd / efv , and only turned off when i removed batteries , i sent it to fuji repair center , and got it back again almost one month later . then six months later the camera did exactly same thing , i have n't received my camera back yet , but i 'm sure never will buy a fuji camera again and of course my camera will died again in the next months after i get from the repair center and at the end of the day i will have wasted almost 500 dlls
camera pos this is a very flexible and capable camera . if you are looking for more than a point & shoot will offer , there are very few that would compare . for me the deciding factor was the high quality lieca lens with wide angle , if you havent compared this directly with a conventianal lens you will be amazed at what youve been missing . the 16:9 is an ok feature if you plan on hdtv veiwing but the screen size is compromised when you switch to 4:3. i would prefer a larger screen and lose the 16:9 feature . the lens cap is a little annoying as well but those issues aside , i am very satisfied
music pos this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys / mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note
camera neg before that it was kind of nice , but it cannot focus in even semi-low light . it is definitely light and easy to take everywhere , but there are so many conditions where the results are disappointing . no way i would call the output hd quality , just the best sd ever with a 16 * 9 format . and then it broke
camera pos this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands
music pos i usually do n't do album reviews but i gotta say this was tight from beginning to end and i was shook that this was given a low reading by a magazine i call " the sauce " so many of yall need to stop reading magazine ratings and come to sites likes this and read your own peers ratings . word of mouth is bliss . a-g-2-a-ke who came out on rap-a-lot has n't come out with a cd since this classic . i 'm salty they did n't " make it " because this was heavily slept on
camera neg overall this is a well-designed case which is custom fit for your panasonic lx1 or lx2 camera , but it has a few major flaws . first , there is no simple way to attach it to your belt . there is a belt loop on the back but it is so small and tight that it wo n't fit any belt more than 1 / 2 " wide . also , there are two zippers on this case , one on each side , which could potentially scratch your camera coming in or out of the pocket . finally , the velcro tab that closes the case is not particularly strong and can occassionally pop loose on its own . this might be a good case if you are going to keep it in your backpack or suitcase , but not for carrying around for everyday use .
camera neg i purchased this along with a sony dcrhc21. this carry case was listed as an accesory so i expected it to be appropriately sized ( as other sony cases i 've purchased fit like a glove ) . this case is entirely too large to hold a minidv camcorder . the camcorder rattles around inside it . if you have extra attachments and lenses maybe you might need this one . otherwise i suggest you look at the product specifications , note the dimensions and then look at your camcorder 's size .
camera neg hi , i have lost the cd rom to download the movie from the camera . sony does not offer it for free on its website . you have to pay $70 dollars to get it again . that clearly disappoints me .
music pos spice 1 's just different from every other rapper . and he 's awesome . if you love hardcore rap , you 'll love spice 1
camera pos i got this cam as a gift and it is very nice and sleek and easy to use ! the pictures are nice and it is light and easy to have it with you everywhere
music neg this album is dull and without any emotion.the only reason this guy is even known is because of his backgroud
music neg i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better
music pos i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits
music neg great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks
music pos it realy has been a long wait after jellyfish . this roger joseph manning solo effort is as beautiful as music can get , giving wagonloads of goosebumps all the way . if you have a craving for the ultimate in sophisticate popmusic you should get this rare jewel . and do n't wait for the us release : it lacks one song from a perfect 11 like the japanese has . i sure would n't want to miss any of these tracks . very higly recommended !
music neg this album bores me out of my mind . only two decent tracks : bad boys and bonnie and clyde . and i 'm no avid radio listener . bet and mtv actually hit the nail on the head with these tracks . so i guess they good for somethin
camera neg these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
music pos need to say more ? this is one of the most beautiful and honest records western popular music ever seen . she sings beauty , so lovely , as some fairy enchanting gnomes in a huge yet peaceful forest , away from the horrors of humanity . that alien feeling you 'll get it since its first five seconds and it will lasts till the end . druids of the world unite
camera pos i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else .
music pos this is a fabulous cd and exactly what i was looking for . i 'm also thrilled that it has an accompanying book with all the sheet music . i am leading a seder this year for a church group who has never heard any of the songs before , so i wanted the traditional melodies , easy to follow sheet music , and easy guitar chords . this is perfect ! i 'm so pleased
music neg this cd is pretty awful , you wonder why leona even got the chance to record a cd , one of the worst songs ever is calling , , it sounds like taunting from elementary school kids on the playground , na na na na , na na na na , i agree with the reviewer who said she is a very weak edie brickell sounding singer....... .
music neg with the caliber of musicians playing on this album , i expected a hard hitting original . instead we get re-arranged covers and lots of " filler " salsa . no surprises here . the classic salsa albums are worth your cash but if you are curious , you 'll play this one once
music pos sing of mary is a work of art ! the beauty of the music is only surpassed by the woman it praises...mary ! god bless this cd. .
camera pos this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp
music neg i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them
camera neg i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; -
music neg i was so disappointed with this cd . at least 6 of the songs were recorded from very old albums....scratches and all ! they were so bad . i play two of the songs over and over...the only two i liked . when i read the other reviews and there was mention of leaving out some of the songs , i assumed that they meant doubles of the same song....i was wrong . i do n't know why they had to add the scratchy music..a filler ? i would quickly skip to another song...only to have to " skip " many times !
camera pos the case with battery and filter is well worth thr price paid
camera pos this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non
camera neg i keep this frame on all day and night . the lcd backlight should last longer than 4 months but mine just burned out . the quality of the pictures are okay if viewed from a distance but the low res . is not good if viewing up close . there is no external power controls or a remote so turning this unit on and off is a drag . regular lcd backlights should last a few years even if it stays on all day and night . this one just lasted 4 months . so the image is almost non-existant now . in the glare , you can barely make out the image so it 's still there but with no backlight so good as dead . i would recommend a more expensive philips ones . my friend has had it for about two years and it 's still going . plus it 's higher res and and has more controls such as a timer function and also can play video clips , which this one ca n't
camera neg i wear glasses and press against the viewfinder as hard as i can to help keep the shot stable ( i shoot birds at 700mm ) . the first thing my friend and i did was to compare two identical lenses / cameras etc. - one with , one without , the extender . result : - the image appeared the same size , and the extender slightly blurred the image . in other words - completely useless
music pos this was 2pac 's last good album before he joined deathrow.he was a good rapper but never the best , he started too much beef with other rappers for no reason.he had alot of beef with east coast rappers like biggie , nas , jay-z and mobb deep , but he never opened his mouth about wu-tang because they would lyrically destroy him.this is one of the best albums from 95 right behind gza 's liquid swords and mobb deep 's the infamous
music neg presumably the label is trying to cater to mid-range fans who have a prince album or two but do n't want to buy them all and who want more than a single disc hits collection . the way this is laid out though is confusing at best : disc 1 seems to be for the mid-range fan and it makes sense that they would choose the single edits though some of those chosen are questionable . ( " my name is prince " ? his take on " nothing compares 2 u " when sinead o'connor 's is definitive ? ) disc 2 compiles 12 " mixes and remixes and similar rarities..i.e . for the diehard only who has to have every little bleat his purpleness every records . bottom line : this is haphazardly thrown together . middle range fans are better off with the hits / the b-sides which compiles his biggest chart stuff with a pretty decent selection of interesting flip side material ( some of which equals his singles )
camera pos very easy to use , multiple languages , something nice and easy for even unexperienced users . recommend to anybody buy it , it 's worth it . and the price is right for the features and mp . i would not hesitate to pay more for this camera . kodak has done wonderful job with this on
music pos ok ( i imagine there 's still drool over my " earlier " review...and my wife is none too pleased either.. . ) truth or dare time ! i bought this cd out of none-too-scientifical curiousity , that , and " let me blow ya mind " - and guess what ? i 'm beginnin ' to dig the entire cd . as i mentioned , 99 & 44 / 100th% of " rap music " fully explains to me what gregg allman meant when he sang , " it 's not my cross to bear . " ok , that being said , eve pulls no punches ( although the " skits " on the thing about wet myself laughing ) , and she 's not a lady whom 'd i 'd like to cross . but " i bought the ticket , so i 'm gonna take th ' ride . " and enjoy myself mightily while doing so. .
camera neg was dropped onece and it broke . computer doe n't recongise software with windows xp . kids were disappointed they could n't see there pictures . called the company and they were no help
music neg i forgot how bad this album was until i popped it into my cd player the other day . it seems like every song has one or two parts that are totally killer , followed by 3-4 minutes of boredom . the song " epic problem " is good throughout , and full disclosure is excellent except for the horrible screamed verses . strangelight is awesome too , and not very typical of fugazi . the kill is also good in the same way , it 's very chilled out . past these few standout tracks ( which would n't be standouts at all on any other album of theirs ) there is n't much reason to listen to the album . it 's incredibly boring . i suggest picking up any other fugazi album first , maybe 13 songs , red medicine or in on the kill taker
camera neg this product link needs to be corrected , as the battery contained in the kit is not the same battery which is used in the dcr-dvd7. do not purchase this accesory kit if you intend to use it for the dcr-dvd7 camera .
camera pos the case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera 's ability to store and transport easily . it 's definately worth the dough to keep your nikon s1 or s2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall
camera pos -this camara picture quality is nice , and depend on user purpose . my gf is kinda satify with it . -function is easy to use . -battery life is so so . -battery charger design is not convenience . you have the put the battery into the batter charger . recommand to get a cradle charger , but extra cost . it should sell with cradle charger .
camera neg i would agree with the other review . the indoor / low light quality of the video is unacceptable . i will be returning the camcorder today to purchase another
music neg i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion
camera neg to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200.
music pos brubeck and desmond work their special magic here and produce their finest live recording . this is sophisticated improv to tame the beast . i have listened to these tracks uncountable times and i never get tired of them . this is truely a wistful soundtrack to transport one to a higher realm . try this the next time you are caught in heavy traffic on a rainy afternoon . you wo n't mind the delay . it never fails
music neg ( ... ) this cd is sub-par . most of the beats are cool , but they 're overlayed with too many cheesy lyrics
music neg " modern " usually sounds like some outdated mid-80s new wave album by the cars , flock of seagulls , or somesuch . it is not a punk record , mostly midtempo pop . the three songs diggle wrote and sings on are basically awful ; shelley 's are considerably better - the usual wry lyrics and great hooks . i would say about 3 or 4 of the tunes are topnotch buzzcocks stuff ; newbies should buy " operator 's manual " or " going steady . " or dig up the amazing " different kind of tension " from a used record store somewhere ! also , see them live if you have a chance
music pos good cd , but where is his recent hit " i wanna feel that way again " and his classic hit " walkin ' to jeruselum "
music neg might just be me- -but this is one of those cd 's that the song they play on the radio is the only decent one . maybe i 'm too old for the rest- -but wish i had kept the crystal so i could sell it on ebay
music neg boston have to be one of the worst bands ever ! ! the singer screams and they made some of the lousiest songs like rock n roll band , and the horrible more than a feeling . they would not hold a candle to smart bands like metallica who rock ! i just got metallica 's 4th lp today . get and justice for all by metallica insted
camera pos it is rated for 5 meters but i took it to 9 and there were no sings of moisture or a single drop . the antifogging solution provided works for more than an hour . the microphone records sound well . i have a high def cam and the s.pack did not decrease image quality inside or outside the water . in the specs it is stated that its buoyancy is positive , and by experience i recomend to buy a weight for it to avoid the camera going up in the water while you push and push down - even more snorkeling . there are special weights that are mounted to the enclosure using the trypod whole . i would say a 14-18 onz it fine . it is a great item
music neg is it really necessary to take minute-long solos in every song ? really ? if you like your solos long-winded and lacking in destination , and your lyrics trite ( get a job ? ? ? ) , check these guys out . if you actually plan on listening to the music you buy , skip it
camera neg there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
music neg i was first introduced to the symphonic power metallers formerly known as rhapsody ( name changed due to copyright issues ) on their 2006 live album live in canada . i have to say that i am just not that impressed or entertained by their latest studio effort . the group tends to rely more or the theatrical elements rather than focusing on their metal music . the vocals tend to be oversung , or drowned out by the chaos in the background . rather than enhancing your metal experience with musical theatrical elements , rhapsody of fire puts you to sleep with them . the group does stay true to their fantasy themes however
camera neg i got to get it off my chest . this camera takes great photos and they print out wonderful . but , the camera has several down sides : 1. as all have said , it eats batteries big time . this is a pain . 2. it recharges slow between flash and between non flash . forget about catching a great spontaneous moment . 3. not durable . i dropped mine out of the case from below waist hight and it does nto work at all . i am sure by the time i send it in and pay for shipping and repair i can buy a new one that is cheaper and more reliable . any suggestions ? ? ?
camera neg i got it just today and used it for cleaning my lens . the solution might be useful , the blower is useful , the swabs can be useful with their pointed tips , but the so called " magic cloth " is anything but magic . it kept leaving lint on my lens
music pos my son loves music and really likes dan zanes . we started with the videos on disney and the " catch that train " song really got us singing , so we ordered this cd . now my son sings along with it , dances and jumps around . dan zanes really is fun for the family
camera pos i purchased this case for my canon a530 camera . i find that it does a great job of being light , durable , and compact . it keeps the camera clean and scratch free . however i wish the case had a better carrying capacity . i would have liked a bit more space for spare batteries and chips . i use different ones for different pictures or video . batteries do tend to give out after a long day shooting and convient extras would be handy . the case has beltloops but not a good shoulder strap for times when a belt is not worn . that can be a bit akward . otherwise this case is a good protector of my camera and fits it well .
camera neg you have this camera case listed under accessories for the panasonic dmc fa20pp lumix camera . the camera does not come close to fitting in this case . the camera is 1 1 / 2 inches wider than the case .
camera neg beware of assuming that the uv filter recommended by amazon for a particular camera with a fixed lense size that i purchased is the correct size . it was n't even close . no size was given for the lense diameter . i returned the filter for a full refund minus my shipping & all the hassel of packaging it
camera pos i owned this lens for about a year before upgrading to the image stabilized f / 2.8 version . overall i was very happy with the f / 4 lens and miss having it available because of the significantly lower weight . sharpness is amazing and comparable for both lenses , and the f / 4 can provide plenty of background blur . if you are shooting mostly outdoors i would recommend the f / 4.
music neg this album is disgusting . no musical talent . this people are the farthest thing from musicians . if you enjoy overproduced music , and a rip off of fellow label mates fob and p ! atd - buy this . it is boring and it is a weak attempt at a record . shaant ca n't sing either . go back to buffalo
camera neg i measured 7 batteries out of the pack of 20 with la crosse charger , which i also bought from amazon . the capacity ranged from 547 mah to 2002 mah , with the average being 886 mah . that 's about a third of the stated capacity . before i took the measurements , i made sure the charger works properly by testing it with two different brands of aa nimh batteries : la crosse and energizer . both scored very close to their stated capacity . therefore , the test is valid and sunpak 's claim of 2650 mah is grossly overstated . my advice : avoid sunpak like the plague !
camera pos third camera from kodak easyshare . great performance and pics . slendor size
camera pos i decided i wanted this a while before i got it . as i read reveiws i realized majority of them were postive . there is nothing wrong with it , the microphone works really good but you can not watch your videos with sound on the camera . it can take around 300 some pictures and about 60 minutes of video on super sine mode , where it uses the most megapixels . it is definetly something i would recommend for anyone
music pos i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines .
music pos i ca n't say enough how great this album is . grant green was one of the most soulful jazz guitarists who ever graced the planet . his soloing on this cd is filled with beautiful melodicism matched with a bluesy grit that is such a pleasure to listen to . and for me as a guitarist it has been an encyclopedia of how to play blues from a jazz perspective . my favorites are " miss ann 's tempo " and " blues for willarene " . it is such a shame that he died so young and never collected his just due
camera pos great seller ! shipping was very fast ! this battery out does the oem one that came with the camera.. . very happy ! thank
camera neg i bought a jvc mini dv just over a year ago . it now does not work . of course , the warranty has now expired and i am out of luck . spent $400 on this model . i do not recommend jvc .
music pos miss saigon is my favorite all-time musical ! i was hesitant when buying this recording because in my mind lea salonga is and always will be kim ! but i was pleasantly surprised . joanna ampil as kim holds her own . while she does n't have the vocal range of lea , she has a beautiful , crisp voice which she uses to emote the emotional turmoil of kim . she expresses herself in a way that makes you feel her love , pain and anguish and in turn she makes this part her own . the rest of the cast is superb ( especially the amazing ruthie henshall as ellen ) but make no mistake , this show belongs to ampil ! i also fell in love with some of the material left out of the lcr . there a beautiful bridges and songs which enrich the story . " back in town " stands out for me because of the gorgeous melodies . anyone who has fallen in love with the story of " miss saigon " will appreciate these added gems ! this cast recording is definitely worth a listen !
camera neg pictures do not come out very good . poor quality ! i would not recommend it
music pos we are using this series of cds in our homeschool music program - they are fantastic ! we especially love this one about bach - what an awesome man ! the story of his life is told in a way that is very interesting and holds the children 's attention while also using various pieces of his music in the narration . it is done very well ! my children are gaining a tremendous amount of knowlege and appreciation for music through this cd and so are my husband and i
camera neg i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them
music pos considering how much bad music is out there these days , this was nice to come across . covers a wide range of topics and moods , musicianship is pretty good . i 'd recommend it to just about anyone . my tastes are usually heavier and more progressive - rush , dream theater , iron maiden , queensryche . but i like this disc too
camera neg it got to me and upon my sons birthday and opening it ( a month or so later ) it worked for about an hour and since has not registered speed correctly . a huge disappointment and waste of my money
camera neg i only wish i could return this camera . its automatic focus does not work well in photographing landscape scenes and plants ( what i do most ) and its manual focus is difficult ( very difficult ) to use . my much cheaper , and lower resolution , old minolta does a much better job in low light conditions . i find i have to delete half my photographs due to bad focus . in addition , photo files take 5 to 6 seconds to save to my so-called high-speed memory card . do n't buy this camera
music pos for those of us who thought phil collins was to be lost in the mass pop culture , think again.. . that was back in the early 80s when i heard this. . it is mastery distille
camera pos this camera works well , except that the shutter speed is a bit slow . the image quality is decent . the use of aa rechargeable batteries is also convenient . the camera is pretty sturdy . i 've dropped it a few times and it still works fine
camera neg straight out of the box disappointment with the extremely poor quality . plug into wall and does not work . after trying numerous different outlets / wiggles of the cord , it finally powered on . after putting in a card , the pics were ok , passable . the mp3 popped and moaned and popped some more , and i was only playing very quiet jazz . this is not worth the money even though it is cheap . pay a little more and get one that is of better quality
music pos if you want some classical music to sleep to , do n't buy this cd . if you want some high energy symphonies , however , i highly recommend it . from bach to vivaldi , the pure energy of this cd will give you a new understanding of the joys of classical music . just do n't listen to track 25 , because i have no idea why john philip sousa is included with tchaichovsky
camera pos this is the perfect camera for me . i take alot of close-up detail shots and the images come out great . it is smaller than my old g3 ( which i loved , but was pretty chunky )
music pos metheny 's an innovator and has been all over the map over his long career in terms of styles , moods , textures , and sounds . here we have an early effort in which he takes his guitar and overdubs an introspective , wide-open-spaces musical journey across america , weaving in jazz , folk , country , rock , mountain music , and everything in between . if you love his work on joni mitchell 's amelia ( performed live on shadows and light ) , you 'll love the sound of this record . the mood is mellow but not dull , quiet but not silent , and the results are spectacular . this is the cd to take with you on a trip across the western frontier , or a short hop to burger king . works either way
music neg this band is getting alot of critical acclaim right now , but i 'm just not feeling it . the single " wolf like me " is the only song that stands out to me on the whole album . it is a great song , but everything else is just blah . i think the band could use a different singer , the guy they got does n't sing very well or very " soulful " . the music is good , very original and the only reason i have n't sold the cd yet . i really think ppl need to hear this one for themselves before they buy . do n't be fooled by these 5 star reviews . just listen to the cd before you buy it . that 's my advice
camera pos i 've used all types of film thoughout my photography days and by far kodaks treated me the best . if your out to capture rich , vibrant colors this is the film for you . so far i 've shot 4 rolls of it and i 'm amazed at how much the colors stand out . its definatly the film i 'll be using
music pos anybody know the name of the song played at the very end of the movie , when the brother and the sister are saying goodbye to each other , when she is crying and asking him what he is going to do with his life ? right before he enters the bus.. . i would love to listen to it again but i ca n't find it anywhere. .
music neg after discovering and loving the sound of gotan project i was shopping around for groups with a similar sound . i stumbled along emigrante and upon reading the other reviews written on this site about this cd , i thought i had found another gem . boy was i wrong . the first track drew me in and left me spellbound , unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . i was listening to the cd for the first time in my car and forgot it was even on . the rest of the songs were so uninspiring , the music soon became nothing more than meaningless background noise
camera pos i was n't sure if it would be worth spending the money on this case . how wrong i was . if you 're into diving and have one of these cameras , buy it now
camera pos fast delivery , great price . i would buy from them again , thanks =
camera pos i use this little gadget mainly for macro and portrait work . when you have it on the light emitting from the flash is diffused which gives you a more flattering less contrasty light to illuminate your subjects with . unless you are going for a very shadowy , high-contrast , image this diffuser can save the day . it is very light weight and easy to pack in small places , so you should never have a good reason to leave it behind . sometimes it is the simple things that make the biggest difference in a photo , and using this can defiantly make very noticeable differences
music neg the 1 star is for this 5 star cd box set being no longer available . does anyone know why or if it will be reissued soon ? i have the highlights cd and the " live at the plugged nickel " double lp - but not being able to buy this is disappointing and puzzling . thank you in advance for any help . scott k fis
camera neg wow.. . now if you really want to see a rip-off , here it is . not to be damaging to amazon.com but hey for the 50mm just get some carboard and tape it to the front to shield it from the sun . the hood is definitely not worth it
music neg i was disappointed with the album as a whole . when i heard the song " drink to me babe , then " , i thought it was great and sounded like the shins . the rest of the album was boring lyrically
camera pos this is the same charger came with my digital rebel , however , i like to charge two batteries at a time . so , i bought a second charger and place them side by side on the power strip . the prongs for the outlet fold over and into the back of the charger making the charger very compact , flat and easy to take along with you . it 's nice having a charger without long cords to fuss with .
camera pos this can be used in lieu of a replacement battery . plus if an electrical outlet is convienent , like when shooting inside , you never have to worry about running out of power . also handy if you are mobile and have a auto dc / ac converter . but not as overall convienent as an extra battery . i thought it would also trickle recharge the battery , but it doesn't . nikon should add this feature in
camera neg i was so dissapointed with this camera ! i purchased a sony cybershot 3 years ago and , it had been such a great camera , i automatically thought this newer model would be great . almost every picture i took was either blurry or the light areas of the picture were blown out ! as an experienced cybershot user , i tried all settings to fix the problem , but no luck . terrible for capturing a child 's first steps , as the description says . would not recommend
camera pos this was a great addition to the " photography basket " i made my grandson for easter
music pos i picked this up in a bootleg store in korea a few years back , since it was cheap , and i had loved the movie ( perhaps more so than any other of mallicks 's others , even - speaking of which , if you get a chance to see badlands on the big screen , do yourself a huge favour and do so ) . as i recall , i did n't really enjoy it on first listen . but then , somehow , i got sucked in . almost as much as the film itself , this is a hypnotic , haunting slice of poetry . nothing happens for about a minute , and then it builds and builds . unforgettable , otherwordly and quite beguiling . the structure of the soundtrack ( especially the songs toward the end featuring polynesian gospel-style singing ) is strongly reminiscent of the mike oldfield cd , ' songs of distant earth' . highly recommended , but do give it a couple of listens , because it might take a while to make its charms felt
music neg having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i cannot help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there
music neg too lisa loeb for me . sorry . maybe if someone else wrote her lyrics
camera neg i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! !
music neg great fan of the man they call ' sugar ' zucchero , but this outing is really below par . this cd consists of rerecordings of older songs , with the addition of other famous singers . did he send the original recordings to these people , en did they ad little pieces here and there ? it sounds like it ! none of the songs have gotten ' better compared to the originals . to me this cd is a total rip off intended to make easy money ( and get more attention for ' sugar ' outside of italy ? ) . do n't buy it , get ' oro ' , ' shake ' or ' blue sugar ' instead
music pos a great sampling of one of top 10 musicians from the 20th century
music pos i personally like this compilation of prince , it 's got most of the songs i like and the sound is great . sure , there could have been a few more songs included , like " pop life " , " hot thing " , but when compared to the other compilations , this disc has more of the songs that are a must-have , for me , such as " i wanna be your lover " , which i do n't think was included on any of the other compilations . so , it 's just a matter of weighing what songs you most want , so that 's why i chose this disc and i 'm glad i did !
camera pos the quality is definitely great . when attached to the s3 is , it makes your camera look serious about taking good shots . if you are attaching the hood and doing flash photography , i suggest you use a slave flash to eliminate the shadow caused by the hood
music pos this is such an good industrial album , that i was sitting and listening to it and all the adjectives that i wanted to use seemed not good enough . however , if i have to put one then it has to be these , brilliant , astounding , stupendous and awesome . this is probably one of the best industrial albums of all time . the first track is good and then it just gets better and better . in fact the first track is not as good as the other ones and could have been replaced with another track . the book-let is ok but the lyrics are missing , but still it is an important release since it showed that inudtrial bands are tallented muisicians and can sing . minphaser , life line , guna are some of the best made industrial tracks ever with the intricate layers of sounds , bets and samples . the keyboard sounds are constantly amazing and this is an album not to be missed if one likes industrial music
music neg nelly could make the wort rapper sound like a lyricyst , and how dare him to diss krs-one , he just said the truth and he really did not diss him on number 1 , he just added to why he sucks . lets face it , all his songs are basically dumb and and really don , t have much texture involved . and how funny is it that his friends really have no skill and they are all over this album it is just laughable . if you buy this album , you throw away good money . unless you like bubblegum rap . this is more for a teen white girl who wants to be cool , but lets face it , its played out
camera pos easy to use , including zoom and uploading to computer . nice clear photos when printed out
camera neg this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks .
camera neg these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
music neg i 'm a hardcore lynch fan and find this album a big dissapointment . i like his older season of da sicc style nott this new stuff . in one song they 're talking about louie vitton , thats not the lynch i kno
music pos i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan
music pos what makes a voice distinctive and memorable ? nat ( king ) cole i believe had the smoothest voice of any male singer . clarity and a sureness in phrasing was also gifts of his . aside from ' unforgettable ' the songs i best remember are ' mona lisa ' and ' nature boy' . but this recording also includes originals of the ' nat king cole trio' . it also includes the famous duet put together of ' unforgettable ' from his early version and his daughter natalie cole 's recording made after he had passed on . that particular recording was a ' knockout ' sentimental and beautiful .
camera pos this thing is great i just got it for a trip to seattle from hawaii . ( i know opposite ) but i was afraid when i had this default battery that came with my canon zr 500. ( which only last 45 min . ) but this one last at least 3 hours i love it . best buy for my camera so far , completely worth the $$$$
camera neg i bought these binoculars because i wanted a medium size pair to use primarily for birding . first time out , i had difficulty getting a clear focus . to make maters worse , every bird that i looked at had a halo of red chromatic aberration around it 's head . i have a pair of nikon 10x25s which out performed the bushnell 's hands down in terms of both clarity and sharpness . i am returning the bushnell 's and considering the audubon equinox hp binoculars instead .
music neg although a few of the tracks seem inspired , it 's mainly mulligan going through the motions with getz , with very little chemistry between them . " anything goes " and " scrapple from the apple " are nice enough but beyond that it 's weak . mulligan himself did n't speak very highly of the recording session , saying that he enjoyed his other dates with desmond , webster , and hodges , but mentioning that " granz wanted that session a lot more than i did . " of course , it would be quite out of the ordinary to hear anything but negative remarks about stan getz and his sparkling personality . save your money and go buy the 2-disk reissue of " meets ben webster " . or , if you do n't have it already , the seminal pacific recordings with chet baker
music neg i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. .
camera neg here 's the good news : i have had many cameras in my life , digital and film , and i have found the z1 to be my favorite . the camera is very user friendly and the pictures are sharp with great color . my previous camera was a minolta dimage 7 ( $800 ) and i found that this camera 's photo quality was just as good . the best feature of the camera is the fact that it is sturdy and compact enough to carry with you daily . owning this camera made taking pictures a daily part of my life . here 's the bad news : recently my camera broke and when i tried to contact fuji to get a replacement or a repair , the service was terrible . their website is very difficult to navigate and offers very little support . summary : great camera as long as it does n't break . it 's easier to pay someone to fix it than actually get fuji to repair it
music pos i remember hearing of this band when i was just a lad , but i never owned any of their albums , and none of my closest friends played this for me , so this is a great discovery for me . i 'm only on my second listen , but it 's already obvious to me that this is going to become a favorite . it 's from my favorite rock period , the early seventies , and it 's not only nicely remastered , it 's also remixed , meaning they went back to the original multi-tracks , not the stereo master . i wish more reissues were done this way
camera pos this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags
music neg ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out
music pos i do n't like this album as much as their earlier stuff . i have liked each release less than the previous , and this one falls right in line with that trend . the opener " quality revenge . . . " is one of their best songs hands down , though . this is a very good cd , but the farther from braid we get in time the less i seem to like their music
music pos this is the first cd i 've bought in the liquid mind series , but after hearing this one , i 'll buy more . the music is calming and soothing ; great to fall asleep by which i often do . it lulls you into a peaceful state of relaxation , letting your mind drift away from the cares of the day . it makes me think of floating on a cloud . i would highly recommend this cd for anyone with a busy , stressed-out life .
camera neg bought this camera for my wife . takes good pictures but handle this camera with extreme caution . if you drop it be prepared for a large repair bill . fuji customer relations is sub-par . warranty does not cover any impact internal damage . i 've had better luck with nikon and kodak and will steer clear of fuji in the future
music pos all i want to know is when is the next album going to be released ? i ca n't wait ! this album is fantastic
music neg this is not , i repeat not five stars ! in all honesty it 's more like 1.5 or 2 stars and i 'm a big fan of slug & atmosphere.albums like overcast , godlovesugly , the felt project , and the dynospectrum album is much better than this.though the lyrics are thought provoking , but slug has been better , the production does n't hold up.it 's some of the weakest i 've heard from rhymesayers.there 's only a couple tracks that stand out , but i 'd have to say " do n't ever f**king question that " is the best.if you wanna hear slug at his best check out the dynospectrum album.slug spits classic verse after classic verse
camera neg ordered two frames from the third party source . neither on of them worked at all . it has been a nightmare trying to return them for a refund
music neg bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible
camera neg i do n't know what case others got , some have said " too tight " but mine was very loose . the camera is swimming around in the case , easily half a centimeter of clearance . not recommended . just buy the battery and wait for someone to make a good aftermarket case .
music neg this is the perfect cd for taking a nap to . it 's mostly full of slow pop and rock . if you 're a fan of this type of music , i recommend this cd , but if not , do n't buy it . there are only a few good tracks . all star , bad reputation , i 'm a believer , stay home . and i do n't enjoy buying a cd that only 1 / 3 of it is good . so , i would n't buy it , if i were you .
camera neg there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
music neg this is the perfect example of why black women and women in general are disrespected . lil kim is teaching generations of women to be nasty as you can be and to disrespect yourself . then to top all of this off she is still hanging on the coat tails of biggie , the ultra fantasy gangsta rapper . queen latifah never had to talk like this to get her name out or to make good music . this is ridiculous ! kim would be better off in a porn movie than in the rap game . please please please spare us and stop rapping
camera pos what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain
camera neg you have listed this battery as an accessory to the camera and now that i have purchased it i discover that this battery does n't fit this camera . it is listed wrong
camera pos this is a neat idea . you do have to have close up pictures to really be able to see them in the small screen . it was very easy to load the pictures and it is very handy to have with me to show others our most recent pictures
camera neg i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! !
camera pos i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures
camera pos bought these batteries & charger just before going on an overseas trip . i did n't want to be bothered with frequently changing aa batteries , which seemed to last only a day or so of heavy use . i was quite pleased with the performance of these rechargeables . they lasted several days of heavy use before needing to be charged and they re-charged in only a few hours . a big bonus that i did n't expect : the recharger is compatible with european 240 voltage so i did n't have to use an electric converter !
music neg the quality of this cd recording sounds like someone tapped it in their garage and burned it to cd with thier personal pc . very bad recording . it 's too bad because lathleen madigan is very witty and funny .
music neg the cat carol is the most depressing christmas song i have ever heard . not to ruin the ending for you but the cat dies ! did n't exactly put me in the holiday spirit
camera neg this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip
camera pos as a novice astronomer i really enjoy the sharp , steady view with these binoculars . the view is fairly steady even with the i.s. off - depending how stable you are of course . my binoculars cost more than my telescope ! ! and my telescope is a decent one too . but i think they are worth it . you see so much more in the night sky than what the naked eye can see - by far . they are of course great during the day too . their weight is not much of an issue for me , although each person is different depending on their viewing habits . i think a hard carry case would have been the best but it 's not a big deal for my use . i recommend this pair of binoculars to anyone who is serious about great quality and performance
music neg the second cd was scratched and hence i cannot play it . i would appreciate it if you would send me another one and also include the information needed to return the damaged one sent to me . thanks . jeann
music pos the band is excellent and this album is just shy of the high quality of the first . however , the encroachment of our free use rights as legal consumers by the major record companies will not stop until they see a negative financial impact from pushing these copy crippled products . do n't support these products
music neg carter burwell 's soundtrack music to " rob roy " was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it
camera pos i got this bag for a samsung digimax i got for a friend , and is a very nice , and usefull bag , she can put there , the camera , her cell phone , replacement batteries , memory stick and some keys :
music pos i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant
camera neg after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight
camera neg not only is the physical appearance of this model ugly , it is a complete downgrade . panasonic takes off one of the most important features on the pv gs320 model , a microphone jack ! i currently own a 300 model and needed another camera to shoot different angels at the same time , since the 300 is discontinued i purchased the so called upgraded model . now the only available model with mic jack is the vdr 310 , and i have heard dvd is quality on camcorders is not what it should be . if you do any video prodcution and need to hook up your camera to a mic , this camera is not for you
camera pos love this battery . long lasting and just as good as the name brand
music neg only way you are gonna like this music is if you are some depressed emo kid who listens to punk rock music just because it is punk , and you think that 'll make you cool . this cd just does n't display musical talent , maybe originality , but this is not high quality music
music pos nwa was an original rap group and with that being said , this is definitely a must have album for rap lovers . along with public enemy , nwa christened their genre with hard core lyrics and tight bass beats . although i do n't agree with some of their lyrics , one would not expect this white kid to fully understand their view on life . anyways , buy this album , i recommend it . keep it away from the kiddies though
camera pos looks exactly as the posted picture except the badge reads " panasonic " , not " lumix " . fits the camera perfectly . no extra room for memory cards , spare battery , charger , etc. it 's easier to insert the camera with both zippers down . the belt loop wo n't fit most belts . no straps . however , the camera 's strap is good enough . good protection
music pos i have both the " heat " and " seduction " cd 's by oscar lopez and listen to both of them with wonder . this man is magic . i have about 20 " new flaminco " cd 's and these are right at the top as far as my tastes are concerned . oscar , if you 're listening , i check at least once a month for your next one
camera neg do not buy the case canon sells for this camera . it takes 20 seconds to take the camera out or put it in
music neg i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd
camera pos the binoculars were suprisingly lightweight for their size and power . the 70mm lens were great at light gathering , and the 4.75 mm exit pupil provide more light than most adults can use . ( the avg . is 3-4 mm ) with a good strap is easy to wear for long periods and excellent for long distance terrestrial viewing or general astromical use . you really need a tripod to use the full power effectively , but for short periods those with steady hands can enjoy the binocs on the fly
music pos michelle branch carved out a place for herself in the young female pop singer market serveral years ago with a brilliant debut and a successful if derivitive duet with carlos santana . this record is her first with friend jessica harp . the ladies mine the borderline between the singer / songwriter and country genres for quality songs that should fit well in the americana format . highlights include the opening track leave the pieces , way back home , the good kind , and the title track stand still look pretty . of special note is the presence of producer / multi-instrumentalist john leventhal on many tracks . i recommend this record for folks who like songs that do n't sound like formula country
music pos a very proud and highly recommended production , it 's a real pitty this cd is not available , i still have this one as a precious thing , i hear it all the time as well as i want . nobody will forget jeff lynne as an excellent musician , ever
music pos mountain music offers what alabama is famous for , great music and great harmony all packaged together . the title cut is great , that harmonica and " old man of the mountain " intro is unique . as for " close enough to perfect " if any man sings that song to his lady , she is his forever . the cuteness of " never be one " also reminds us of the sadness that our children grow up so fast we hardly know it . there is n't a bad song on the whole cd and will make a good addition to any collection
music pos this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night
music neg very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise !
camera neg just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house !
camera pos i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go .
music neg of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : " signs , " " sweet city woman , " " one fine morning " and " gimme dat ding " - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's " one fine morning , " and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on " music from nfl films " - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's " treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot
music neg after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa
camera pos for the price paid , this is a great camera . should last me for a long time . debated buying a slr , but this seems to have all the features of an expensive slr ( actually it is a slr , just no interchangable lenses ) and a lot easier to use
music pos fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available
music pos collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his " the walls came down , " but " tracks " is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one
music neg first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating
music pos i like this album . its got a nice mix of old and new material . along with some live material . great to see pe still at it in this ever changing rap game
music neg despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore
music pos the performances for every sonata and every partita are wonderful . this is the kind of material one can expect from deutsche grammophon . wonderful music , a wonderful violinist , wonderful interpretations , and wonderful sound ( not just for its time ) . there are also very few " squeaks " and he is almost always right on pitch ! often called definitive , this is the one to get . highly recommended
music neg this was just to much country for this parrothead . i liked one song , piece of work and that was about it
camera neg i have an olympus fe 100 camera and the battery did not fit ! my niece has an olympus fe 140 camera and the battery did not fit in hers either ! the company does not accept returns on batteries that are opened so i was just out of luck
camera neg i bought this camera to mainly use the digital macro mode , it worked great for several months , now it will not lock focus , this camera is very frustrating , every picture that i take i have to edit to lighten the picture , i tried just about every setting to get the pictures to come out , to no avail , i am a commercial real estate appraiser , so i have taken close to 2000 pictures with this camera , and just about every one i had to lighten , now the macro mode wont work , i will not buy another cannon product ever again ! !
camera neg beware of poor cs policy at jvc . they recently let me down when it was obvious the camera was poorly designed and built . they were not interested in even trying to help . i hate it when companies only care about their profits
camera neg i had this camera for about a month and the first time it broke , i do n't know why it broke . i set it down and when i turned it back on , it had cracked . i then bought another lcd screen and repaired it myself , but two weeks later , i had a case for it , and put it in my purse . i carried my purse around and had not set my purse down . when i took it out , it had cracked again . i would not recommend getting this camera
camera pos i wish i 'd bought this a loooong time ago ! it is so helpful , esp . with macro shots . highly recommend
music pos gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards
music pos its quite difficult to sum up the impact of this cd with few mere words . suffice to say , level 1 is a timeless classic , in fact , it was my entry pass into the realm of d-n-b . logical progressions level 1 is a must-have for all d-n-b heads & music lovers in general . demon 's theme , western , danny 's song & horizons remain some of my favorite songs in any genre . bukem 's level 1 displays his flawless production & track mastery which cascades the listener with the ideal mid-tempo balance between dance-floor adrenaline & ambient bliss
music pos this is their best album.easily better than anything the likes of oasis ever managed.richard iii , going out , late in the day and the title track are all top quality.if you rated blurs 3 " britpop " ( horrible term really ) albums from the 90s then get this.its up there with them.simple as that
music pos dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime !
music neg this is a saccharine and banal take on irish music , with all the emotional intesity of a hummel figuraine . upon first listen , i remarked to my wife that they sounded more like peter , paul , and mary than the dubliners . she correctly pointed out that peter , paul , and mary were actually much better than this pablum , and that the irish rovers more closely resemble the fictional main street singers from a mighty wind . truly , absolutely , unlistenably passionless , cloying and bland
camera neg while the everio will work on a mac , it is with jvc 's movie program . it is not imovie ready . there is a very strange " work around " involving dvdrop that will make it work . not very pleased with what i feel is misleading information about compatibility with mac
camera neg after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight
camera neg i own the olympus fe-100 digital camera , and it came with unchargeable batteries ( oxyride ) . i switched to energizer batteries and bought an energizer 4-battery charger that can be had for less than the price of half a tank of gas . it 's not a quick charger like this one , but i say for less than half the investment , i 've got a charger that does the job . i would not spend this kind of money on a charger . so i say , if you 're part of the " gotta have it now " generation , you definitely pay for convenience . otherwise , charge your batteries more slowly ( 2-3 hours ) and save a lot of money
camera neg i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro .
camera neg i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality
camera neg very easy to set up , but no matter what i did , i got several horizontal interference bars . one very nice feature is a built in video modulator that allows you to connect to older tvs using a coax cable instead of rca . i am returning this product
camera neg have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu
music neg being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears
music pos low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams
music neg after norah 's first two cds and the little willie 's cd i was greatly looking forward to this release . to say the least i am disappointed . i was listening to it on my commute home and had to switch to something else to keep from falling asleep . where is the range of work ? all of the songs on this cd sound very much the same and nothing really stood out to me . i 'm giving it 2 stars just because of norah 's angelic voice , otherwise i 'd have to give this one a 1 star rating
music neg i bought usher 's 8701 on tape long ago , and i remember liking it . then a couple of years ago , i bought it again on cd , listened to it , and wondered why i wasted my money . maybe it 's the fact that i 've grown , but this album sounds so un-soulful now . it is just lacking any spirit , sort of like an over-produced record : all studio magic , but no magic from the singer . even the songs that are supposed to sound heartfelt , don't . the album sounds dated , not transcendent of time and era like all the albums that become classics . the songs are very forgettable , and i do n't see any of them being seen as classics twenty years from now . usher has yet to make a masterpiece . addendum : i was a little unfair in my rating . the album deserves 3 stars , not 2. unfortunately , i ca n't change it .
music neg god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap
music pos this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound .
camera pos yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho .
music pos beres has done it again . this is a great cd . i can actually say that enjoyed all 19 tracks
camera pos this is a camera that is very very easy to use . i was amazed by the colour quality even at a very low light . i took a movie at my nephew 's theater play and i am the contrasts and crispness of the picture are just perfect . the zoom is also very clear and crisp . putting it onto my imovie was also a piece of cake . the only down point is that the still image mode is worthless , but if you need that you should buy the next level up which has a memory card slot . i highly recommend this camer
music pos i love this cd ! i often put it in my personal cd player and take it to the coffee shop to help me as i study french . the music is relaxing but not sleep-inducing . steven halpern composes great music
camera neg i agree with the many other users who have experienced the " condensation , operation paused " defect on their jvc gr-xxxx . despite numerous others reporting this problem , jvc says its not a recognized problem . i would disagree - it is a recognized problem , but its your problem , not theirs .
camera neg i ca n't speak to how well the product performs because mine was doa . customer service was unable to do anything over the phone . since it was purchased as a gift and i had time before christmas , i opted for a different brand . does n't inspire confidence in their quality control when a unit fails to start up fresh out of the box
camera neg date on still photo will not print , it 's no good where yoy need that type of info on the printed photo
camera neg the plastic stand that holds the frame upright broke immediately . also , be sure to note that there is no memory card . spend the extra money and buy something better . i wish i had
music neg there was only one good song on the disk dont waste your mone
camera neg junk . you will get a lens cap error in about a year or so , where it will tell you lens cap is on and you will not be able to record anymore
camera neg bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon
music neg if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available .
music pos i never loved a man the way i love you , what more can you say about the greates soul album of all time . this album released all of the music in aretha that was screaming to be released . it displayed a very mature aretha with complex emotions , very everyday lyrics , ones that make you say , oh yeah girl , lol . but also a delivery that the average person could n't lay down and dream about pulling off . this is just testiment that , even at such a young age , she was the queen
camera neg i purchased the wp-dc700 underwater case for my a70 and followed the directions exactly , oiling the gasket and cleaning it after each use . it leaked and ruined my month old camera . customer service was rude , blamed me and then tried to bargain with me to fix it for $190 instead of the $280 that they initially requested . the underwater case has a 7 day waranty and the camera is not covered for water damage . my father had a similar problem with his $1000 nikon digital which just stopped working for no aparent reason , they claimed it was water damage and tried to bargain with him to buy a rebuilt one for $500. so beware of bad customer service . canon 's customer service has all bad unreasolved reviews at the better business burea
camera neg do not buy the case canon sells for this camera . it takes 20 seconds to take the camera out or put it in
music neg this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts
camera pos this is a great camera that takes the place of an earlier canon digital elph that i lost several years ago . the 7.1 megapixels ensures great quality and the 3x zoom provides crisp clear pictures . in fact the digital zoom also works great - just make sure the camera is steady ( i purchased a nice compact monopod and the results were awesome ) . although the image stabilization feature on the newer models would have been great to have , you ca n't beat the price and overall quality of this camera and the pictures it takes . the canon sd500 is a great little camera
music neg tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables
music neg based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous
camera pos compare to the price of the product i highly recommend to any one who own canon eos camera.. .
camera neg it 's unfortunate that one of the best lens bargains out there is followed up by one of the worst photo ripoffs - - this hood . how can you pay $75 for a great prime lens , and $25 for a flimsy piece of plastic to cover it
camera neg i had jvc product and some of my friends too . these are good at the begining and after an year the motors will have problem and also the tape heads will have problem . even the cable pins will wearout easaly and will not work properly . price may be less buy its not worth for long run . i feel sony and canon are better than jvc . even hitachi is good
camera neg i 've just returned this camera for poor facial image quality after using it extensively for months . my regular camera is a fuji finepix s602z which is large and bulky , but , takes superb facial shots . i tried the casio due to needing something small to carry in my purse for special events and i 'm heartbroken at the incredible photo opps i 've had that resulted in poor facial quality . do n't buy this camera if you care about what everyone looks like . i 've just ordered the powershot sd1000 because of the facial detection feature on it . hopefully , it is better since i do n't want to have to carry my bulky fuji to get great facial photos . i 'll review the cannon once i 've had it for a few months
camera pos i just got back from vacation . i have a bad back , and it was sore . i was very happy to discover that the way this bag hangs , i could carry my nikon d-70 and one or two extra lens very comfortably . gear is super easy to access and the bag provides a nice platform for changing lenses . i have other bags which heft lots of gear , and they 're great for travel days and the occasional big shoot , but if you 're looking to hike ( and have a separate way to carry a tripod ) , then this is a wonderful bag
camera pos took the camera bag on vacation and it came in very handy . i carried both my camcorder and my regular camera in the bag . it has plenty of pockets for storage and the main space inside is flexible ( has a divider you can place where ever you want ) so you can secure cameras however you wish
camera neg as i watch the videos of my kids on my 50 " plasma , 32 " lcd and mac , trying to convince myself that i like the quality , my wife walks by and says , " fuzzy . " i know most guys out there will know what i 'm talking about - she just killed the deal . regardless of the specs , the wives do n't lie - the picture quality just does n't cut it . it 's unacceptably noisey in all but the brightest of light and is an incremental improvement over my 6 year old sony dvr . the product design is cool , the price is good , the sd card recording idea is perfect , but the hd promise does n't come close to paying off . if you 're looking for sharp , crystal clear images - you 're just not going to be happy with this camera unless the gathering of technology and low price are enough to cause you to settle .
music pos blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection
camera pos this item was purchased for casio exilim 8 megapixel camera . the quality of this item is strong and durable . the camera is small any ways to take with you anywhere by putting it in your pocket . however , to protect the camera , this case provides outstanding protection and is still small and compact to take it with you anywhere
music neg bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums
camera neg the thing is that it is not a very stable camera , hence it does not give you very stable shots , so many of your pics will be blured . even those taken with a tripod . i am a pro photographer , and i would not recommend this camera . yes , it 's very thin , but is not worth the pics it takes...seek for other model not so tiny if you 're expecting better images
music pos this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem
camera neg i bought this camera 3 months ago and have used it a few times . last week all of a sudden the pictures look out of focus and over-exposed . i have n't changed anything or done anything . i have no idea what 's wrong with the camera , but given the price i 'm pretty annoyed and amazon.com will not refund my money because it has been over 30 days
camera pos i absolutely love this camera . i got it about 3 months ago and i cnt imagine life w / o it . im 13 nd mega clumsy nd it still has not one single scratch on it . it eats up batteries but so wat ? i love it buy it
camera pos this is a fabulous and reliable camera . feels solid . fantastic pictures . easy to operate . a new d40 has been announced over the past few days , but its lack of an lcd display and buttons to manage basic camera controls ( to reduce weight and make it more user friendly ) would still make this my recommended nikon dslr . expect prices to fall as the d40 becomes available
camera pos with most of the carrying case made of either fake leather or some kind of neoprene material , this one is really different . the rigid structure also seem to do a great job to protect the camera . there is also a belt loop and d-ring feature which is great .
camera neg i received this as a gift and at first i thought it was great , but then i realized it would only display 142 images . i worked with technical support for several months ( they are not the speediest or most helpful ) . i resized , renamed , restructured the photos , tried them on different media and finally they admitted it was a bug . i rma 'd the unit at my shipping expense of course , only to recieve another with the same problem . i would n't recommend this purchase
camera neg last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months
music pos this is a wondrful cd and quite a bargin . two discs and the very best of nancy wilson . i liked so much , i bought two and gave one to a friend
camera neg i got this camera when it was rather new . i am not extremely pleased with it . it is not acting this way because it is 2 years old...it was like this when i bought it . -first of all...it has no lens cover so you have to keep it in a camera bag . incase you touch the lens without relizing...all your pictures will be ruined . -it takes for ever to take a picture . you have to wait for like 2 seconds for the picture to be taken . -it eats up batteries like crazy -it takes forever to turn on -if you have the flash setting on autoflash , the camera will still flash in bright sunlight -the pictures are extremly blurry when you print at home -it has no optical zoom ( but the zoom is really the customer 's choice .
camera pos purchased as a gift and well received . seems to handle larger chips in a timely manner . runs everyday , all day and no problems encountered . displays vacation pictures clearly . like that it is big enough to view across the room . frame is more compatible with decore than the 7 " model previously purchased
camera neg i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good
music pos i assume you already know what 's on this recording or you would n't be here , right ? do n't you probably have a thirty-year-or-so old vinyl copy of this that you have n't listened to for years because it 's dusty and has scratches and pops and who listens to that stuff anymore anyway ? well , i wo n't review the music here because others have done better than i would , but i will say that listening to this remaster through a high quality set of headphones ( sennheiser ) has enabled me to hear this as if it were the first time . it 's totally worth the money to get this new version , and the bonus tracks just make it even more fun .
music neg i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu
music pos i saw midlake at festival recently and had never heard of them . the live set was strong enough to convince me to order some albums and i 'm now a solid fan . the opening track , roscoe , reminds me a bit of adrian belew , a bit of xtc and a whole lot of midlake themselves . it 's like suddenly realizing how coldplay should sound . the music is layered and atmospheric with a bit of an eels feel . midlake is definitely their own band , for all the influences i 'm throwing out . they make the sort of music that feels old , like your favorite album you lost long ago . try ' roscoe ' or ' young bride ' for an indication of their style . if you like either of those , you need to buy the album .
camera pos i use it with my nikon d70 , and am very satisfied with it . i most often use it for long exposures , for taking picture that include myself , and for taking pictures of my 6-month old daughter , who stops acting naturally when she notices i hold the camera , so i place it on the tripod , and take pictures of her .
music pos the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations
camera neg this was a terrible purchase on my part . it does n't even deserve 1 star . i just wanted a small bag to wear over the shoulder for quick access to my z7590 without holding other equipment or being too bulky . the bag was too small for my z7590 , and i paid $8 shipping plus return shipping . i only hope they do n't charge me a re-stocking fee . i went to walmart , found a cute little bag in the electronics dept . that the camera fits great in , with room for the strap and extra memory cards or battery if necessary . they have cute ones for ladies too , with pink polka dots or stripes inside ! for only $12. next time , i 'll be smarter !
music neg i ordered the dvd of damn yankees to watch on tv for my daughter because she is doing a play and needed it for the day i ordered it . i paid for fast delivery because she had a deadline and we were thrilled to receive it on time but was very disappointed to see that it was the cd of only music ! i do n't think i will order from amazon again , it was my first time and probably my last . liz snyde
camera neg i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro .
music pos good singing and good production must i say anything else ? .....no get this if you love mixtures of good uptempo and slow rn
music neg it ' curious how an interesting history can be not well told by a modern music . in some cases the music go to the hand with the story , but not in this cd , in which we say the music that it is not for the story . i did n't ejoyed with that c
music pos the music intelligentia probably wo n't like james morrison 's new album because almost everybody else will love it . bourgeois = uncool . however , if you just listen and feel this album , even if you have snobbish tendencies , it will move you . enjoy this amazing new album . i am
camera neg bought this about a year ago and now it has a lens cap error ( appears like the shutter never opens ) and will not record video . spoke with jvc and they seemed to know that this is a problem and are having me send it in . will update my rating after i see what is wrong , if they can fix it , if they will stand behind their product . watch for more details . before it failed only complaint i had was it was a little flakey with lighting but otherwise worked okay for the price
music neg dis gy is da kying of da south ! ! ! give me a f***ing break . when are we going to stop seeing crappy rapper after even crappier rappers that are so full of themselves that they feel the need to plasture their faces all over every one of their crappy unintelligent so called albums ! ! nothing descent to say at all , just a bunch of mindless [...]. i bet you they do n't even like music , they just want to be a " celebrity " and be rich for 3 years ( till their broke ) . if they really did geniunly like music , it would n't sound that sh**y ! ! ! ! get over yourselves ! ! !
music pos this album is the foudation of modern hip hop...the format of the album the presence of rakim ....his image everything was new territory when this album came out in 86 ' all hip hop lovers should have this album especially people down south
camera neg if you want a nice camera that works well for 15 months , then look no further . but mine died completely and is headed for the electronic recycling bin . i did n't realize i was getting a disposable when i bought it
music pos i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , " blood of the sun " , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of " great ones " . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte
camera pos looks exactly as the posted picture except the badge reads " panasonic " , not " lumix " . fits the camera perfectly . no extra room for memory cards , spare battery , charger , etc. it 's easier to insert the camera with both zippers down . the belt loop wo n't fit most belts . no straps . however , the camera 's strap is good enough . good protection
camera pos i purchased this bag to carry my hp photosmart digital camera and photo printer along with , 100pk 4 " x 6 " photo paper , power cord and two chargers that each hold 4 aa batteries , and i still have room left . i 'm very pleased
camera pos it is easy to mount and puts out a surprising amount of ligh
camera pos this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you
music neg bread8 , that 's one of the stupidest comments i 've ever read . you do n't know s*** about metal . you ca n't handle the intensity of real metal because you 're a fat virgin who 'd cry to your mommy if you heard godly metal songs like " immortal rites " and " pleasure to kill . " leave the metal to the metalheads you mallcore f@ggot . anyway , " dysfunction is better than staind 's other stuff , but only by a microscopic margin . aaron lewis is a weak , talentless crybaby whose bandmates could n't make a good song to save their lives . every song on here is full of bogus " pain " and " depression " coupled with abyssmal musicianship just like every other nu-metal band . if you want heavy music that 's accessible for the masses , go for rage against the machine ( except for " evil empire " ) , faith no more , helmet , living colour , and quicksand .
camera neg good : motor drive speed . grip feel . takes nikon lenses . reacts fast to pressing the shutter release . bad : skin tone renditions a color other than skin . white balance does n't balance well . noise at anything above iso 200 , looks like 3200. cf card door tough to open . screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot . battery cover is not part of the battery . button placement not as intuitive as on the d100. 4.1mp allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it
camera pos i 'm not a professional but this lens makes me feel like one . it is a very versatile lens , working well inside or out , low light or extremely bright . am looking forward to taking sporting pictures next spring
camera pos i already have 2 of the smaller versions for other lenses but wanted to be sure my efs 17-85-mm would be snug as a bug in its own pouch instead of a cheap felt sling thing . well , canon came through again with another of its soft felt line the lp1116. this pouch is thick and has the same firm bottom made of naugahide that protects the inside lens . the cord is strong and silky and does n't open accidently the way a silky cord would . obviously we ca n't throw the pouch around and we have to be careful but it really does the trick and feels good in your hand . the moment i buy another lens , i shall have to buy its matching pouch
camera pos this is an elegant leather case for the canon elph cameras . it fits in the pocket easily . i 'm satisfied
music pos i had this album for many years when i was younger . i had looked for along time to try and find it on cd with no luck . i finally found it on amazon . this is my favorite christmas album , i even have my teenage daughter hooked on it now . the caroling medely is awesome and my daugher loves the pinecones and hollyberries song . no one should be without this cd in their christmas collection .
music neg as for many of these kind of unknown groups , the music in the album is useless . in the meaning that this music has no use . it is not relaxing . it is not for contemplation . it is not spiritual . it is nothing but electronic esperiments that many vendors try to deliver under the name of " ambient " . but ambient music is music . this is crap . well differently from two a.d. where probably the producers realized that crap is crap and no more crap was good to be sold , because people is n't stupid . two a.d. is light years away from this crap . do n't waste your money . listen the the samples by yourself to grab what i mean . sergi
camera neg just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera
camera pos i recently purchased this camera and i 'm loving it . as a whole it 's very easy to use and carry . i 'm a college student going into photograpy and this is a great starter camera . i have a feeling this one is going to be with me for a very long time
music pos if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing
camera neg i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! !
camera pos great tripod . we 're using it in a television studio w / sony vx-2000 cameras . they work great
music neg i was , overall , disappointed by this cd . there are many good reviews here , but they generally overpraise . tracks 4 through 8 have too much synthesizer for my ears . a major highlight is track 9 , the crab and the egret , but interestingly , the flute is accompaniment to the wondrous chinese percussion . disappointingly , the cd is only 40 minutes long and left me wanting more tunes without synthesizer accompaniment
camera neg the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it
camera pos i 've had it for several weeks now and it seems like a great camera . i am still learning new features . i would highly recommend it
camera neg yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for
music neg this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good .
camera neg i 've read good reviews of this camera on this and other sites but i am not having the same experience . the quality of the photos are horrible so i started thinking it was me and i tried it with different settings , tried being very , very still etc but , i only get one good shot out of about ten . i have a fuji 4mp that i bought about 6 years ago and it takes way better pictures than this . i bought this so i could give my old one to my daughter but i 'm gonna end up giving this one to my daughter and and keeping my fuji . we recently had snow here in tucson so i took pictures with mu fuji and compares them to the canon and the 6 year old fuji finepix beat it hands down . i do n't get it , did i get a defective camera or am i doing something wrong or does this camera just suck
camera neg this is a nice case , however , i needed something more sleek and small to fit into my purse when i go out with my friends . this case is bulky and my panasonic fxo1 would fit into something much smaller . i ended up going with a great case that i found at wal-mart for a cheeper price , sleeker design , small enough to hold my memory cards and camera and still fit into the small purses i take when i go out on the town
music neg however despite what amazon reviewer kristy martin may believe , ms croft does not need to get her freak on . wow . i guess hip hop can do no wrong . in a soundtrack which is filled with apporpriate trax to supplement the film , here comes another fanboy / girl of hip hop 's hopele$$$ley misplaced garbage . thank you kristy for proving to be yet another white suburban supporter of the most mass marketed crap to come along . ( missy ) this song is soo done it 's practically taboo to listen too . and outkast ? puhf_ckingleez . these clowns sold out a long long time ago
camera neg so , you go out and plunk down nearly 600 bucks of your hard-earned cash for a panasonic pb-gs65 dv camcorder . it is a digital video camcorder , after all . that 's why you bought it . well , guess what ? it does n't come with a dv cable to plug it into anything . that is so pathetically stupid i take it as an outright slap from a company that must think i 'm just some sort pain in their shorts . it cost me completion of a project that i had to put together as soon as the camera arrived . so , panasonic , i 'll post a negative review of as many of your products i possibly can over the next few weeks and make you pay as much as possible for being about as stupid a company as i 've ever had to deal with . oh yeah , and you 're camcorder is being returned . go buy a cable and have a ball
camera pos the bushnell powerview 12x25 is a fine , small pocket-sized binocular . since my wife is an avid bird watcher , we already have several binoculars of various sizes and viewing power . our grandson accidentally broke her small 10x25 bushnell that we used for trips , so i researched , then bought this one from amazon for her birthday . she loves it . the viewing power is a bit greater than the other and is every bit as compact , which makes it easy to pack for vacations , yet provides for a good viewing experience when enjoying the various bird populations around the country . we both highly recommend this , and other bushnell products
music neg if you have children that are five years & younger , this would be a good album to put in your child 's boom box or get it in cassette for their tape player . but if your children are six and up . your better off finding the real songs and burning them if you can find these songs . this album should be saved strictly for the poor folks who wnat music for their kids but cannot afford it . this ablum would be number 1 if it were sold in rwanda , sudan or other third world nations since it could be sold for like dirt cheap . parents , if you buy this album , after your children turn 6 years old . pack this cd and other ki8dz bop cd 's and send them to africa . this is pop music for impoverished folks
music pos buy this cd now if you do n't have it , it is an instant classic . the beats are banging , and fit cougnut and c-fresh 's lyrics perfectly . the lyrics are tight , and touch on many different things . " the last breath " is real life song about death and injustice , and decisions we all have to make in life . " protect what you hustle fo " is gangsta , about the individual struggle / hustle . " tell me something good " ( remix ) is even better than the west coast bad boyz version with master p . its about real life in the ghetto
music pos i have been a fan since valotte . and i like the other reviewers here , ca n't believe why this cd did n't receive the airplay it deserves ! there must have been some politics in there , with sean 's cd coming out on the same day ( yoko ? ) it is one of those cds that you just leave on and you do n't feel like you have to go and skip over songs that you do n't like ! i love every song ! ! especially " day after day " , " i should have known " , " i do n't want to know " and my fav right now " cold " .. i hope that what i have heard is true that he is working on his latest now . ca n't wait ! buy this cd. . you wo n't regret it
camera pos i like that the protection filter is threaded so you can screw a conversion lens right over it , rather than having to use one or the other
camera pos after checking prices with all the usual pricing bots , i found a better price , including free shipping , by going directly to amazon . this lowest price did not appear in the other searches , so it pays to go to amazon first . i replaced my canon sd400 with the casio and find the controls more logical to use . this is important if you do n't use the camera for a while , because you can just pick it up and start shooting without hunting for the manual . also , the docking base is much more convenient than plugging small cables into the camera . you do not have to remove the battery in the casio to charge it as you do with the canon sd400. the vga movie quality is superior on the casio . still pictures appear to be about equal . amazon delivered by ups in record time even with a weekend inbetween . i ordered on a friday and received it the following tuesday . go with amazon !
music pos the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do .
music pos i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . " in dulce decorum " is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing
music pos this cd is dave bromberg 's best effort . playing solo allows his guitar playing capabilities to be clearly demonstrated .
music neg except for the song , mother mother , i did n't really care for the rest of the cd . i bought it for mother , mother so i guess i got what i wanted . i had hoped to like other songs as well , but , oh well
camera pos order received in good time - no problems . battery lifetimes are short - not as good as first original from dealer , but twice as good as poorer choice batteries from other suppliers
camera neg you have this camera case listed under accessories for the panasonic dmc fa20pp lumix camera . the camera does not come close to fitting in this case . the camera is 1 1 / 2 inches wider than the case .
camera pos make sure to check the compatibility charts to verify that your lenses will work with this before buying it since only a handful of l series lenses are compatible . if you do already have one or more of these lenses though this is a nice addition . the af only works with lenses f / 4 and faster on most camera bodies . you do also give up a little image quality by putting this between your lens and camera body , but the extra reach is really nice
music pos i remember thinking when this film came out that few things in life were as cool as lloyd dobler . this soundtrack is also one of those things . this album for me , as for many i 'm sure , somewhat reflected my taste in music at the time , and even now actually . of course the biggie here is " in your eyes " from peter gabriel . who has n't that track touched at some point ? this also confirmed my love for the red hot chili peppers , and here we get a slightly extended version of their classic " taste the pain " . toss on a few from fishbone , living colour , and the replacements and you solidify this soundtrack as a must own for the late 80 's alt-rock lover . not to mention the goods from depeche mode and nancy wilson ( heart ) . in fact the only thing that could 've made this album any better , is if it ended with a " ding "
camera neg i spent a couple hours , trying to get transfer dv from my camcorder to my mac powerbook . after hours and hours i had to realize that the usb cable delivered with the sony camcorder was absolutely worthless . if you do n't own a sony vaio ( which in my opinion just a overdesigned peace of fancy 007 gear with an i.link connection , which no other pc / mac has ) your getting frustrated pretty quick . i would have given the cable a 5 star rating , but the way i had to get the cable , by having to buy it seperately , is a big rip off . however i found the exact same cable in an apple store called " thin fire wire " . the exact same cable ( 1.8 meter 4 to 6 pin to be exact ) for only $29 and it works just fine . so check out an apple store near you and save some money . shame on you sony
camera neg if you like to take pictures with macro lense , it sucks . i 've had many canon cameras and this one takes the the prize for worst quality . if you get closer than five inches , the pictures messes up . i 've had no other problem with the hardware , though i hate carrying around that dock and it 's odd shaped charger . no other charger cable in the world is going to fit ! so loose it and you 're screwed . oh , and night photos also suck . big time , even with the flash on
camera neg because the camera eye moves only in one direction , the device had to be permanently attached on a wall across baby 's bed . you have to decide whether you want sacrifice the resolution to see the entire crib ( older child can crawl away from the view ) or see just a part of it . we have cell phones and wireless network so static was pretty bad . we went with graco 's excellent digital imonitor .
music pos this album is essentially a fusion of great musical minds . the legendary khan payes more attention to making this a better experience for the western audiences of the sufi music by playing more with his ( brilliant ) vocal skills then with the lyrics . micheal brooks ' music stands out and enhances the experience further . this is not to say that the mainstream indo-paki audience wo n't enjoy this album ( this is one of my all time favs ) . it is fabulous background listening while doing work which may need focus - for those who need music to do such things.. . : ) for those who have been thinking of testing out sufi music , this is the place to start . this is a fine introduction to the great nfak and sufi music .
music pos jon brion does such a great job capturing emotion with great music . hes also so damn great and fitting sound witht the mood of a movie . if you liked this movie , by all means , buy the soundtrack . you will not be dissapointed . eevery time it listen it not only reminds me of the amazing movie , it makes me feel. . just. . good . also , be sure to pick up his solo record , meaningless . if you liked the movie , buy this cd , you wont regret it
camera pos it is extremely easy to use . hard to figure out the menu , but once that is done there is no problem . takes beautiful pictures . great for action shots as well . seldom find a blurry photo as it has a stabelizer built in
music pos although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way
camera pos my family goes swimming quiet a bit . i got the sports pack to take pictures of the kids underwater in the pool . this is a big hit . it works extremely well . i also highly recommend the sony dsc-t9 camera . it 's great for trips . it 's so small you can put it in your pocket and the pics look great
music neg this cd is 100% pure junk ! the cd is sung by kids ! they have high-pitched voices that are n't even good enough to win the school talent show . the other singers are adults who have voices that are n't anything impressive , either . if the songs were sung by the original singer it would of been better . stop this s****y music !
music pos i rarely write reviews , but i need to comment on how fantastic this compilation is . i have a four-year-old and an eighteen-month-old , and this cd is in heavy rotation at our house . my husband and i love the music at least as much as they do - - it 's stylish and sets a great mood as we 're making dinner and doing dishes . the kids love it too , needless to say . my four-year-old 's favorites are three blind mice ( she loves when the farmer 's wife squeaks that she 'll give back the tails ) and the final track by peggy lee ( where she says the word *poop* , as in " party poop " - - endless laughter ensues ) . ella fitzgerald 's a-tisket , a-tasket and chew , chew your bubblegum are priceless . all in all , i highly recommend this cd - - everyone will be happy to hear it again and again
music pos this is a cd that everyone should have ! there are four great voices and they do country music the way it should be ! lorrie morgan is the best and i like everything on this ! ! buy it and enjoy ! chery
music pos this is their best studio album . what more can i say ? brokedown palace may be the most beautiful rock song of all time . a must
